If you talk to me again, I'll cut your throat.
Code 100, north of First York Square.
I thought so until I slit his throat.
Her throat's been cut.
Her chest was cut open.
Your clients, they're a bunch of brokes.
"You broke motherfucker."
Either they don't like him or the firm's broke.
You're broke, and you're always gone.
- Fuck you! They're not good enough.
- Leave your coat open.
- Open your jacket!
The master walks around the house with his bathrobe open.
When I arrived, she was standing in the hallway with her robe open, looking wild.
He's had his bathrobe open for 30 years, but now he's not decent.
I've been driving in the wrong direction at some point, and I can't find a gas station that's open.
"They're open 24 hours a day to help with the transition."
We'd need a phaser to blow it open.
One of the phase two attendees dropped out, so the position's open.
Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but at some point I'm gonna rip your throat out and then you're gonna die.
The vents will give air to the mine.
Jump him out of an airlock?
Throw the dice and play.
He threw my boy scouts in the trash.
You threw a vase at my head three years ago, and I stayed.
I threw it away.
- Be careful with the trigger.
But this stuff throws the doors of perception so open you can see a whole new world.
I would leave the car doors open, he'd throw the garbage in the truck, and we'd get out of there.
My office is open if you want to throw everything on my desk.
You can drive there, kick open the gate, throw whatever you want.
No one could hold a door open long enough to dump a body.
One of the women threw me a phaser, and I fired.
I just threw them in the trash at some point, which was recorded on the security camera.
That's the part where you throw photographs on the big screen.
You're throwing in the towel by now.
Step one is like throwing a line in the water.
Our horses have escaped.
He's not gonna get away before the race starts.
I lost my job today, my horse ran away...
I opened the stable and the horse ran away.
The horses are getting away!
And the kid jumped off the walls.
Don't start jumping off the walls.
Probably jumping off the walls right now.
Later, when you're alone with him, he'll tell you to stay away from me.
There's no point in both of us freezing to death.
I can hear the water running under the rocks.
Where have you been hiding under a rock?
The hole is under that rock.
Do you live under a rock?
Sooner or later you're gonna get tired of living under a rock, and your ego is out for a glorious return to the land of the living.
- No, there's a dog buried somewhere.
If you break an arm or a leg, the paper will fix the bones the way they were.
The victim's right ankle contains a mid-air plug that has been surgically fastened to repair bone fractures.
I'll fix the bones, but trying to renew them...
And like the snows of the past winter, gone.
All right, I'll go without it.
Someone has to cut off the old branches.
You're a sheep farmer.
- If it's a sheep, I won't fuck her.
But where's a sheep to burn?
Too bad there was no lamb at your press conference.
You're in a sheep field!
Frankly, I have my own thing going on.
Because her fingers have calluses, and her dress smells sophisticatedly of polish.
Well, it's made from the harness of Indian firwell trees.
Apparently, the gum can only be restored to its gaseous form briefly.
We've got to give them amber grains and the beaches of the Aeg.
I kicked an empty pot, and it blew dirt on the floor.
There's been a phaser fire in transporter room one.
If you want to make love, just let me know, and I'll be happy to help with the transition.
At that point, the killer stuffed Anabelle's body into the capsule Pod, unaware that by firing the cannon, he left a key piece of evidence.
How long does a pimp phase last?
You're gonna knock me out sooner or later, so you better get it over with.
I've really been hanging!
No, I'm hanging at 10:00.
She looks like her mother.
You grimaced. "You look like your mother."
You look just like your mother.
She really looks like your mother, doesn't she?
Daddy, do I look like you or Mom?
"Good thing she looks like her mother." I agree.
He looks just like her.
