Then be a good boy.
You didn't call me.
He's not here to see you.
You didn't call the cavalry?
Well, well, well.
That's good, that's good.
That's how it's always been.
The engine's not working.
You're gonna put a meth in my head.
Standing on a land mine.
Standing on a pillar of light
I saw Astra standing on John's head with a knife.
You killed your mother to come out here?
Thank you so much.
I took care of him.
Even in the same dorm.
Every time you grew up, I took care of you.
Every time you grew up, I took care of you.
Someone must've helped you
Standing in the rain that night.
Yeah, but you saw him, too. He was standing in a mixture beam.
He was standing in the middle.
At some point, the Earth has been rounded.
He stole the microbots and set a fire.
I didn't start a fire.
There are hundreds of people who would like to do something about it here.
And they eat him up like cancer.
I know how creepy it is to eat people.
A monster that eats people.
He was wearing a mask.
The man was wearing a mask.
I'm gonna break up with her.
Do you want me to repay that debt?
The Lannisters always pay their debts.
You don't believe that there's a existence that should be repaid?
I can see a little further.
I can see where you're going.
I saw the future.
Look ahead.
It's nice not to be cold.
The weather changed and it got cold.
Eat something. The food is getting cold.
I don't like the kind of investment that's less than fair.
I hope it fits, but... keep going.
We have to turn the power on now.
[lights out]
We've lost power.
I couldn't move.
We're surrounded by two vehicles right now. I can't move.
I can't move.
It's not like any other airplane.
It's not like it's out there, but don't worry.
You're not so selfish as the British, are you?
If you drink this delicious drink, you'll have an eternal life without trouble.
I only use tobacco and coke leaves for coffee.
Hitler will speak of a thousand years of German Empire, but he won't have an army for a month.
Open your mouth and say, "Oh."
When you open your mouth,
Open your mouth.
Right from the left.
According to the report, it's orbiting from the right to the left.
A doctor without a name or a name, no matter the time.
Someone without a name.
They used to call you a man without a name.
It's a diamond named Jessaドラ Duncan.
If you knew how to do it, it wouldn't be as hard as getting a new name.
I want to name him Thomas. Take my grandfather's name.
And when the trees grow, they get soft and thirsty before they die.
I can't move my arms and legs, my muscles harden like cement, and my veins feel like ice.
Didn't you get your ringing ringed?
I don't know where I can get my hands off a few thousand meta-humans.
The flag finally fell on the ground.
Before the sorcerer went underground, there was still a witch hunt.
We can't get over the mountains. We're going underground.
He went underground.
You made the walls for yourself.
Our ancestors built these walls out of stones brought from Greece.
Her father died outside building a barrier.
"A good tree can be cut down and thrown into the fire."
Our flowers bloom... and we join the fruit.
There was a family tree tied to a dozen different kinds of fruit that actually came out every month."
- He's been hit in the ass.
Did you hit my ass?
I'm going to knock that baby's ass off to make her cry.
You can see the mountains from a good view.
I saw the mountains.
As soon as that thing opens...
I always smoke before the show opens.
You've earned a lot of leave.
Let me see your back.
Don't breathe on the way home.
Breathe.
(squeezes)
He was just breathing back.
(Sighs)
(Sighs) I know him.
When I gave you the picture of Abu Nazir, he was breathing for just a few seconds.
In fact, I almost forgot myself.
I don't think it's your fault you didn't give me a hand.
There's nothing we can do about the body.
One of them didn't have a choice.
My hands were gonna burn, so I put them in my face.
It's about the book I was holding.
What's with the stones in your hand?
- What if you can only use three fingers and you have no hands?
Hands up!
Put your hands up. Put your hands down this time.
If you think it's stupid, put your hands up.
Reach for your hand.
He reaches for a moment to capture it.
I reach for my hand, and three drops of blood.
But sometimes I put my hands in that hole.
You want to put your hand in my pocket?
Put your hands in there and take your phone.
You said you cut your hand trying to open a window in your room.
- I didn't have to cut my hand out the window, but I managed to open it.
I didn't cut your hand. Big brother did it himself.
It's a good idea to add a singer.
Put your hands behind your head, put your fingers together.
Can you put your hands together?
It's easy. Put your hands together like this, okay?
I've spent everything I've got to touch it, and I'm gonna put my hands around it, but...
But sometimes in the pages of history a terrible destiny reaches out.
The Lord will spread his hand and welcome you in.
I like to spread your hands and close them like monkey legs.
I'm gonna go check it out. Both hands wide open.
If you want to make something, you have to get your hands dirty.
You can go outside and get your hands dirty.
I was lying there with my hands in my hands. I was scared.
We have to work together.
She had her hands in the air.
Keep your hands tied.
You're gonna tie his legs and you're gonna run, and then you're gonna call the police and tell them where they are.
I don't know if you were born with feathers, or if you're gonna keep an eye out for the rest of your life.
I was born with a leash!
I wanted to study the difference between the two creatures that were born with the exact same gene.
I came here to see the sunlight.
Is that enough breakfast to kill me?
Maybe it's just practice before breakfast.
Probably threatened someone again before breakfast today.
You want me to drop the roof?
It's the same number of passengers that's in danger, but it's not the same number.
You want me to put this on the shelf on his behalf?
I think we've had enough air.
I'm out of blood.
The victim's throat has been gently cut open, slowly, so that he can observe his breathing from the eye of the victim.
You know, normally, there's only one way to get some air in, just one or two.
I'll try to get some electricity in.
Let's get some fresh air.
They kept it all, but I found him, becauseタンer's just a corner from the ice.
Like today, when it's hot, it's like pouring oil into a machine and it's faster around the liquor.
It's about pouring grease.
Get on the waves, New York!
The last time I saw her was three days ago, when I was riding in the waves at Devon point.
One more wave and I'm done.
I was baptized in the name of Jesus Christ.
I'm going to be baptized in the Bay of Bixby.
I was baptized by my father while you were away.
When the witches set the house on fire, I was five years old.
Let's light it up.
When he comes out, I'll light the cigars.
I feel my body warm.
My ears start to get warm. I'll call you next time.
Listen, I've had a few meetings in the middle of a conference, and my cell phone's kind of hot when I'm not using it.
But you... you pointed the gun at me.
Cause I'm carefully aimed for the liver
You couldn't get your aim two inches high?
Dig's got a target out there.
I doubt you could've set an arrow in the air.
But we have to decide what we want.
In the case of all the trainees, or just the two of them, the synthesis is using the servers here.
Like the voice of Yoshimori-sensei.
It's not Mrs. Stanton's voice.
I'm gonna go get some more stuff.
There's a man standing.
I'm not trying to scare you, but there's a strange man standing behind you.
Good, 'cause I don't know what to do, but he's a good guy.
It's special to be a dancer, but to be a man without a face, it's a different dimension.
Then I'll be a four-and-a-half man.
I've been looking at you and I've realized that you mean something to me.
At least I still have two eyes.
I have eyes.
You won't be blind anymore.
Love isn't blind, but there are a lot of stupid things.
I'm not blind.
There's blood in my eyes.
I got a light in my eye
I thought the sun was far away from me.
The only light source I see is the light from the window in the hallway.
Eye toxology, optical nerves.
Look to Christ, Lee.
Maybe they're going to take away one eye.
Soon I'll take your eyes off a blind woman who can't survive in the basement.
They took both eyes.
You stole my eyes.
Keep your eyes open.
I'm just trying to get him to look away.
You can't look away. Snape didn't even blink.
The moment you open your eyes
Open your eyes. You can still use it.
Keep your eyes open and keep your eyes open.
Make a hole in the gate and establish communication so we can transmit the blueprints.
Maybe the other one died with a hole in his head.
We'll blow a hole in the enemy battalion.
We filled the hole in the night. We kept building.
Hold a pencil, draw a thick line, then a thin line.
Pull the wire from the top of the clock to the clock tower and hold it between the two pillars like this.
You crossed the line off your father's list.
Otherwise, I'll be out of work again, but I'd throw it all away for a world without crime.
Not guilty at all?
- Phil, my ears hurt.
The pressure changes. My ears hurt.
My ears hurt!
If you listen to this, you'll hear my orders.
Listen to this.
I wonder if I've heard your tongue again.
If you want to give someone something, don't touch it with your hands.
Anyone who gets hit in the shoulder...
And then my assistant coach came by and grabbed me, and my dad hit me in the shoulder, and he was mad at me, didn't say a word.
And then I met Doc, the best student I've ever met.
- I'll turn the moon back.
Don't turn your back on the cage.
The fairies have turned their backs on you.
Stand up against the wall.
Turn your back and get down slowly!
If we keep going like this, we're all gonna be pissed.
It was enochian on his chest.
♪ The chain hits my chest ♪
It hurts my chest.
We went to Raju's house to get hungry and hear a lecture.
Remember, I used to say my tongue all the time when I painted it?
And let your tongue out.
I mean, these days, if you don't put your tongue out or put your bubble out, it doesn't start.
No, I just got my driver's license, but I'm taking care of it.
You take the wheel, I'll shoot you.
This body is for flowers to bloom and these bones for the roots of trees.
Mama, listen, let's get some tea.
I'll have some tea till I change my mind.
Do you want some tea?
Open the casket.
I'm gonna open it.
Blood tests and X-rays, okay?
It's the only thing that still bleeds.
I haven't had blood in 24 hours.
Your blood runs through you.
Do you really think if you look at the blood, you'll find out?
Women see more blood than men.
Why would a girl fall when she sees blood?
You don't understand.
Thermal footage from the satellite. The enemy's turning red.
Everything turns red.
When the smoke turns red inside, it's when you forget something.
If you had two legs and no baby, you'd cry every four hours in a walker.
Run, while you still have the legs.
You have a healthy leg, right?
Would you like to put your legs in the river?
I put rabbit legs in the envelope.
Put your feet in each one, Eric.
When I pull my left leg, pull your right one.
Don't let your hands or feet out of the boat and don't feed the animals.
Come on, let's go.
They pulled our legs and stopped.
They'll just pull your legs.
Why do you wash your hands and feet?
You're carrying your best friend's legs for a living, and you're carrying them here and here?
- We've got to follow him.
I'm going to follow the tracks to determine their location.
Let's follow the footprints of the mountains.
Indians believe in blood to keep evil spirits from being cut off once a month to unleash them.
And then a tall, Latin gentleman running from the park with a shotgun cut off.
When spring comes, the snow will fall and the roads will open
The yellow brick always opens a path.
I think it's the best I've got until someone makes me out of that doorway.
My wife... she loved the tree by the side of her house... when lightning strikes a few years ago.
The lightning is falling.
A lightning strikes in the electrical field buried in the brain.
The flames turned blue, and his voice answered his call.
Your skin and your eyes are turning blue.
If you used magic the last 48 hours, you'd turn blue.
Your muscles are making a lot of noise.
There's blood all over my head.
His face turns white, his eyes jump out of his head.
I need you to get away from my head.
I'm gonna put a bullet in your head.
Come here and put your head down!
Stay low. Keep your head down.
Heads down!
It's a good way to cool your head.
Don't forget to cool your head.
- I'm gonna put a bullet in your ass!
I'm not gonna put my head in a toilet.
You're gonna stick your head in the walls that you painted?
Show me your face. Why are all these people so nice?
Show me a smile.
Keep your head up and show your face.
I'm gonna blow a hole in the enemy's head and fill it with lead bullets.
Make a hole in my back.
You can't eat it.
Is it true you can't eat anything but sausage?
I can't eat paper.
I'm scared. I might lose my head.
Your neck is flying.
When Stark's head blows, I'll be your prisoner.
He's been tied up.
The boy I fired-- you know?
But the Germans want to hang them and hang them.
You think it's better than being struck.
They say they cut her head off and dumped her in the river.
He cut a man's head with a sword!
Tower Green was there when Ann Broyles was mutilated.
You mean horse bones?
It could be a horse bone.
There's two sets of bones inside.
There are 27 bones in the human hands.
Looks like you've got a freaky freaky freaky freaky freaky freaky freaky freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking.
Three broken ribs, concussion.
His skull was broken.
He's been strangled. His ribs are broken.
The snow is falling to bury your bones
I don't know what to do with the bones.
The book describes a habit of digging holes in your house or your basement.
I punched you so hard that I broke my hand.
I broke my bones with a hammer.
It's gonna break your finger.
I don't know. He's got a nose.
You're a nasty detective.
The witness broke his nose.
Hess broke that poor man's nose.
Tony broke his nose. McGee broke her nose.
They're picking you up.
It's about time you got a ride home.
Is that where you're going?
He said he was going there.
That's what they call you.
Did you read the Phoenix?
Eight o'clock at Phoenix base!
If you go in there and hit the drum, you'll see.
But I went inside. I was worried about you.
- Everybody, come in from behind.
Standing in the rain that night.
Yeah, but you saw him, too. He was standing in a mixture beam.
You're standing in the middle of Dufine Road...
We think it was an accident.
Maybe he's gotten the ability to control the weather.
It's an experiment to confirm that the sunlight gives us some kind of activity.
This is gonna be awkward.
She's a cowboy, and I'm in trouble.
Things are getting awkward.
If I'd died, this nightmare wouldn't have started.
It won't start.
The life you seek never begins.
To be honest, Lester, my throat is going to be so small now, so...
Janos Slynt, Pycelle, the small council grows smaller every day.
Your tumors have grown to thirty-seven.
Wait, I can't hold my breath.
I can't hold my breath!
But only while he breathes.
I'll take your hand and put it in my hand.
♪ They're coming for my hand ♪
Take my hand! Take my hand!
Why do they hold hands?
- You can hold my hand if you're scared. - It's you.
If she hadn't held my hand, she'd think it was real.
Put your hands together.
You can hold my hand.
First of all, hold hands with each other.
You will march with us to平和 and once again raise the flag of God on our country.
I couldn't climb it, but I put a flag on the top.
It's not like the Russian Emperor's dungeon with his freedom flag on.
Pull up the white flag and evacuate.
returning to Syria without family is like throwing a red flag.
My only job is to raise flags.
They were both face-to-face.
Which means the victim was the other side of the passenger seat.
Would you turn around for a second?
I'm sweating because I'm nervous.
I don't know. His pulse was spiking, and his hands were sweating.
The body tries to reject the poison by sweating through excretion, breathing out.
She was staring at you.
Normally, it's soft, but when it's run out of electric current... molecules are lined up and hardened.
It's the French word for cracks, which appear in oil paintings with dryness, hardened by time.
The eggs are hard to harden.
I was abandoned, too.
♪ Blue birds fly ♪
Blue bird... blue bird.
"My beautiful little blue bird
Even if my head hurts, or if I'm in pain, or if I'm making a sound,
My head hurts!
My head hurts. I went to the doctor.
