Then be a good boy.
You're not invited.
He's not invited.
You didn't call the cavalry?
That's weird.
That's--that's good.
That's how it's always been.
The engines didn't start.
They're gonna put meth in my head.
Standing on a land mine.
Standing on a pillar of brilliance.
I saw Astra standing on John's ass with a knife.
You killed your mother to come out here?
Thank you so much.
You took care of him.
Even in the same dorm.
Every time you grew up, I took care of you.
Every time you grew up, I took care of you.
Someone must've helped you
I was standing in the rain that night.
Yeah, but you saw him, too, standing in a Neutron beam.
He was standing in the middle of it.
At some point, your earth has crawled around.
He stole your microbots and set him on fire.
I didn't start those fires.
There are hundreds of us that agree with that.
They ate him like a cancer.
I know it's creepy to eat people.
I'm the monster in a crate that eats people.
He was wearing a mask.
The man was wearing a mask.
I need to break relations with her.
You want me to repay that debt?
A Lannister always pays his debts.
You don't believe... you don't think there's anyone who needs to pay off that debt.
I can see a little further.
I can see where you're going.
I saw the future.
Read on.
It's nice not to be cold.
The weather changed, it got colder.
Please eat something. The food is getting cold.
I don't like an investment that's less than fair.
I hope it fits, but you need to move on.
We need to turn it on now.
[engine turning]
We cut the power.
I couldn't move.
We're surrounded by two cars right now. I can't move.
I can't move.
This isn't like the other flights.
Well, it's not fair out there, but don't worry.
You're not that unselfish, are you English?
If you ever drink this rambling drink, you'll have a life without suffering.
I only have cigarettes and dog leaves for coffee.
Hitler will commit 3000 years of German Empire, but he won't feed an army for a month.
Open your mouth and say, "Aah."
When I open my mouth,
Open your mouth.
Left to the right.
According to the report, they're orbiting from the right to the left.
Doctors with no last name, no history.
No one.
They used to call you a man without a name.
It's an SSL-cara's diamond named after Isadora Duncan.
If you know how to do it, it's gonna be a hell of a lot harder to get a new name.
I'd like to name him Thomas, after my grandfather.
Every time a tree grows, it'll be soft and dry.
Your hands and feet are trapped, your muscles will harden like cement, your veins will feel like ice.
The doorbell's set, right?
Thousands of meta-humans went down to Earth and I don't even know where to start.
The flag finally fell to the ground.
Before the wizard went underground, there was still a witch hunt.
There's no way we could get over the mountains. We need to go underground.
He went underground.
You... you made walls for yourselves.
Our ancestors built these walls out of stones that came from Greece.
She said her father must have built a barrier and died outside.
"No tree ever touches a tree whose roots are cut down and tossed into the fire."
Our flowers bloom... and we combine fruit.
There was an old tree Tied to 12 seeds, disfigured what was once a month."
- Terrell's been beaten in the ass.
Did you hit my ass?
He was hitting a baby's ass on purpose to make him cry.
In a clear line of sight, you'll see the mountains.
I saw these mountains.
As soon as the curtain opens,
I always smoke before the show begins.
You've always got a lot to gain.
Let me see your back.
Don't breathe on your way home.
Breathe.
(Exhales)
She just brought you back to life.
(CHOKING)
(CHOKING) I know this guy.
When I gave him a picture of Abu Nazir, he was suffocating for just a few seconds.
In fact, I almost forgot myself.
I don't think it's your fault you weren't applauding.
The body's gone.
One of them was out of control.
His hands were fried. Someone put their hands on his face.
It's about the book that you were holding.
What artifacts you have in your hand?
- If only three fingers can use it, you have no hand.
Hands up!
Hands up. Put them down this time.
All those people who think it's silly, put your hands up.
Reach for your hand.
I'm reaching for this exact moment.
I reached out, and 3 drops of blood has spilled.
But sometimes they put their hands in that hole.
Wait, why don't you put your hand in my pocket?
Put your hands in the middle. Grab your phone.
You told me you cut your hand trying to open a window in your room.
- You didn't have to cut my hand out the window, but I'm used to it.
I didn't cut it off. He did it himself.
Wouldn't it be a good idea to add a singer?
Put your hands behind your head, interlock your fingers.
Can you take my hand?
It's easy. Put your hands together like this, okay?
Every last one I used to tackle it. I'm gonna put my hand on it.
But time and again, in the pages of history, there is a great and honorable destiny.
The Lord will spread her hand and welcome you in.
I like to open your hands and close them like a monkey paw.
Flaten your hands so I can search you.
Now, if you want to make something, get your hands dirty.
You can go out there and get your hands dirty.
I was lying there with my hands crossed. That was creepy.
You and I need to work together.
She's got both hands-folded.
You're holding hands.
Tie those legs together, and we'll run ahead, and I'll call the police and tell them where she is.
Are you going to keep an eye out for the rest of your life?
Born with legs!
I wanted to study the difference between two creatures that were born with exactly the same genes.
I came here to see the light of day.
Enough to kill me in the morning?
Looking for some practice before breakfast.
Maybe he threatened someone again before breakfast today.
Close the roof?
The same passengers might be in danger, but we're way outnumbered.
You want me to put this on the shelf for him?
I think we've cleared enough air.
That's messed up.
Her throat's been slit carefully, slowly, so she can observe her vitality slipping out of the eyes of the victim.
Normally, there's only one ceiling vent, one or two fail-safes to your air.
I'm gonna turn the lights on.
Let's get some fresh air.
They got it all backwards, but I found him. Keller is just the tip of the ice.
A hot day like today, it's like pouring oil into a machine and it's faster on the bottle.
I think it's used to pour grease.
Get on the waves, New York!
The last time I saw her was three days ago, when I was riding the waves at Devon point.
One more wave and I'm done.
Baptized in Jesus Christ's name...
I'll be baptized in the Bay of Biscaine.
I was baptized by my father while you were gone.
When the witch set our house on fire, I was five years old.
Let's build a fire.
When he comes out, I'll light a cigar.
I feel my body getting hot.
My ears start to get hot. I'll call you.
Listen, I was at a conference a few times, and I didn't use my own phone, and I drank my own phone.
But you... you had a shot at the gun.
Cause I'm carefully Italian for the liver
Couldn't hit the target two inches high?
Dig's set her sights outside.
I doubt it could control one arrow!
But we have to prioritize.
Sometimes an entire trainee's voice is synthesized, other times a two-man band.
I think it was Yoshimori-sensei's voice.
It's not Mrs. Stanton's voice.
I'm gonna go get something else.
There's a man standing.
I'm not trying to scare you, but there's a strange man standing behind you.
Good, 'cause I don't know what to do, but it looks like you're a nice guy.
It's special to be a dancer, but to be the man without a face is a different thing.
And then I'll be half the man.
I couldn't help but notice that she meant something to me.
At least I still have two eyes.
I have eyes.
You won't be blind anymore.
Love isn't blind, but it's all bollocks.
I'm not blind.
There's blood in my eyes.
The light was in my eye.
I thought the sun was distant.
The only light source I see is the light on the window in the hallway.
Eye toxicology, optic nerves.
Look to Christ, Lee.
Maybe they're going to take his other eye.
Soon I'll take your eyes off a blind woman who can't survive in the basement.
They took both eyes.
You stole my eyes.
Keep your eyes open.
I must hide him from you.
You can't look away. Snape didn't even blink.
The moment you wake up in the morning
Open your eyes. It's still functional.
Keep both eyes open and take a good look.
Make a hole in the gate and find a line of communication so we can transmit the plans.
Maybe the other one died with a hole in her head.
We get a hole in the enemy squad.
She buried a hole in the night and kept building.
You hold a pencil, you draw thick lines, and then one thin lines.
Pull the wire from the top of the clock to the clock tower and fix it this way between the two casings.
You crossed the line off your father's list.
Or I lose my job again, back in Motorolacross, but throw it all away for a world without crime.
Innocent?
- Phil, my ears hurt.
The barometric change made my ear hurt.
My ears hurt!
If you listen to this, you'll hear my voice.
Listen to this.
Then maybe he hears his tongue again.
If you want to let people waltz in, you can't hit me in the shoulder.
And the girls that beat you in the shoulder.
And then my assistant coach came in and caught me, and my daddy knocked me on the shoulder, and he was mad about it and didn't say anything.
Then I met Doc, the best student I've ever met.
- Turn the moon back.
Don't turn your back on the cage.
The elves walked away from you.
Turn around and stand facing the wall.
Turn around and get down slowly!
If we keep going like this, we'll all be pissed.
He had an Enoch alphabet carved into his chest.
♪ And a chain hits my chest ♪
My chest hurts.
We got hungry, went to Raju's house to listen to a lecture.
Remember, I used to stick my tongue out all the time when I painted.
And pull your tongue out.
I mean, right now, if you don't stick your tongue out and put bubbles in my face, it will never even start.
No, I just got my driver's license, but I'm taking care of it.
You take the tiller, I'll take the shot.
This body is for blooming flowers, and these bones are for the roots of the trees.
Mommy, listen... let's get some tea.
I'll have a cup of tea until I change my mind.
Do you want some tea?
Open the coffin.
I'll open the lid.
Her blood tests and X-rays, okay?
That's just not how much blood.
I haven't had blood in 24 hours.
Your blood runs through his veins.
Do you really think finding his blood will tell us if it's a STD?
Women see blood more than men.
Why would a girl collapse when she sees blood?
You don't know what you're talking about.
Thermal imaging from the satellite. The enemy's blushing.
Everything is infected.
When the smoke turns red is when you forget something.
If you had two legs and no baby, you'd cry every four hours in the walkers.
Run along now, while there's legs.
Don't you have a healthy leg?
Do you want to just stick our feet in the river?
There's a rabbit's foot in the envelope.
Put your legs into each one, Eric.
When I pull my left leg, pull your right one.
Don't yank your hands or legs off the boat or feed the animals.
All right. Empty your paws.
They pulled our legs and stopped.
They're just hauling your legs.
Why did you wash your hands and feet?
Are you carrying your best friend's legs for a living.
Follow the trail.
Follow the trail, try to locate it.
Follow the footprints of the mountains.
Indians believe in blood, to keep an evil spirit from tearing itself free once a month.
And then this tall, Latin gentleman run out of the park with a shotgun cut off.
When spring comes, the snow stops completely.
Yellow brick always opens up a path.
I think it's best if I hold these keys until someone can get me out of that door.
My wife was... always fascinated by the woods by her house... when lightning struck a park a few years ago.
Here comes the thunder.
The lightning strikes on the electrodes buried in the brain.
The flames turned blue and a voice answered his call.
The skin and my eyes are turning blue.
Not if you use magic in the last 48 hours, you turn blue.
Your muscles are making more noise.
His head is bleeding.
His face is white too, and his eyes are dangling out of his head.
I want you to get away from me.
Shoot them in the head.
Come here and keep your head down!
Stay low and keep your head down.
Heads down!
Now, you need to calm down.
Don't forget to keep a cool head.
- I'm gonna put my head in your ass!
I'm not about to put my head in the toilet.
What, you're gonna shove your head against the wall I painted for you?
Let me see your face. Why is everybody in here looking good?
Show me a smile.
Raise your head and show me your face.
I'm gonna cut a hole in the enemy forces and fill it with lead bullets.
Dennis, cut a hole in my back.
You can't eat it.
Is it true you can't eat anything but sausage?
I can't eat paper.
I'm scared. My neck could blow.
I'll blow your neck out.
When Stark's head flies, I'm your prisoner.
I've been tied up.
The boy I decapitated-- do you know him?
But the Germans want a head on a spike.
You think it's better than a gunshot wound?
Said he got his head cut off and dumped in the river.
He chopped a person's head off with a sword!
Tower Green was the place where Ann Boulin got his head cut.
Horse bones?
Maybe it's horse bones.
There's two bones in here.
27 bones in the human hand.
Looks like it's got pelvis and femur.
Three broken ribs, a concussion.
Her skull was broken.
She had been strangled. Her ribs broken.
The snow is falling to bury your bones.
I don't know what to do with a skeleton.
The book describes the habit of digging holes under the house or the basement.
She hit you so hard she broke her hand.
I broke my bones with a hammer.
You could rupture your finger.
I don't know. He's got a very good nose.
You're a naughty detective.
The person you're looking for broke my nose.
Hess broke that poor man's nose.
Tony broke my nose and McGee did it.
Your ride is here.
It's about time you showed up.
Is that where we're going?
He said he was going there.
That's what it's called in Phoenix.
You ever read the Phoenix?
Eight o'clock at Camp Phoenix!
You're better off going inside and banging a drum.
But I came in. I was worried about you.
- Everyone get inside from behind.
I was standing in the rain that night.
Yeah, but you saw him, too, standing in a Neutron beam.
You're standing in the middle of Zeke Street, and...
We think it was an accident.
Maybe he's gotten the ability to control the weather.
It's an experiment to confirm that the sunlight will give us a sense of activity.
It's gonna get messy.
She's a dork, and I'm in trouble.
This is gonna start getting annoying.
If I'd died, none of this whole nightmare would have happened.
It won't start.
The life you seek never begins.
To be honest, Lester, my bladder is more small now, so...
Janos Slynt, Pycelle, the small council grows smaller and smaller.
Your malignant tumors are reduced to 160.
No, wait. I can't breathe.
I can't breathe!
But while you still breathe
I'll take your hand... and put it in my hand.
♪ Come and get my hand ♪
Take my hand. Take my hand!
Why do they hold hands?
- You can hold my hand if you're scared. - You are.
If she hadn't held my hand, she'd have thought it was real.
Give me your hand.
I hope you don't mind holding my hand.
I want you to hold hands with each other.
Just march up to Kabul with us and raise the flag of God with me again.
She didn't learn how to climb mountains, but hung your flag on top.
What happens when you're handcuffed to the Russian Emperor's dungeon.
Raise the white flag and evacuate.
You go back to Syria without family, it's like lowering the red flag.
My duty is to raise the flag.
They came face-to-face with each other.
The other passenger in the passenger seat pointed beside him.
Turn around for a second.
I'm sweating because I'm nervous.
I don't know, his pulse was spiking, and his hands were sweating.
Her body's doing his best to reject the poison by sweating in large enough quantities, bowel movement, vomit.
She was staring at you.
Well, normally when you run a soft excess is when the molecules are lined up and hardened.
Literally meaning the crack in French, which appears repeatedly in oil paintings, been hardened by the passage of time.
See, their eggs are grainy and hard.
I'm failing, too.
♪ Blue birds flying ♪
Blue bird... blue bird.
"My beautiful little blue bird.
Even if my head hurts, or if I was in pain, or if I used to get pretty loud.
My head hurts!
I went to the doctor. My head hurts.
