If you talk to me one more time, I'll cut your throat.
Code 100, north of First York Square.
That's what I thought until I cut his throat.
Her throat's been slashed...
Her chest was cut open.
Your clients live in broke-ass hamburgers.
"You broke-ass motherfucker."
Either they don't like him or the firm's broke.
You're broke and you're always gone.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
- Leave your coat open.
- Open your jacket!
The master walks around the house with his robe open.
When I arrived, he was standing in the hallway with his robe open, looking wild.
He's had his robe open for 30 years, but now he's not decent.
I've been driving the wrong way at some point and I can't find a gas station that's open.
"Which will be open 24 hours a day to help with the transfer."
We'd need a phaser to blow it open.
One of the two stages has dropped out, so we're open.
Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but at some point, I'm gonna rip your throat out, and then you're gonna die.
There's air coming through the vents into the mine.
Throw him out the airlock?
Come on, kid. Throw some knives and play.
He threw my Boy Scout hat in the trash.
You threw a vase at my head three years ago, and I stayed.
I threw it away.
This one just blew it.
But this stuff throws the doors of perception so open you can see a whole new world.
I left the car doors open, he threw the trash in, and we got the hell out of there.
My office is open if you want to throw the stuff on my desk.
You can drive there, kick open the gate, throw whatever you want.
No one could hold the door open long enough to dump the body.
One of the ladies threw me a phaser, and I shot.
I just threw them in the trash at some point, which got caught on the security camera.
That's when you throw photographs on the big screen.
You're throwing in the towel at this point.
Step one is like throwing a line in the water.
Our horses escaped.
That horse ain't gonna run before the race starts.
I lost my job today, my horse ran away...
I opened the garage, and the horse ran away.
The horses are getting away!
And the kid jumped on the walls.
Don't start jumping on the walls.
Probably jumping on the walls right now.
Later, when you're alone with him, he'll tell you to stay away from me.
There's no point in both of us freezing to death.
I can hear the water running under the rocks.
Have you been hiding under a rock?
The hole's under that rock.
Are you living under a rock?
Sooner or later, you're going to get tired of living under a rock, and your ego's going to want a shining return to the land of the living.
There's a dog buried somewhere, but you can't see it from all the sand.
If the arm breaks, or the leg breaks, it'll fix the bones.
In the victim's right ankle, there's an upright pin that's been surgically fastened to repair the fracture.
I'll fix the bones, but to renew them...
And like the snows of the past, gone.
All right, I'll go in uncooked.
Somebody's got to cut the old twigs out.
You're a sheep farmer.
If he's a sheep, I'm not fucking him.
But where's the lamb to burn?
Too bad there was no sheep at your press conference.
You're in a lamb's field!
Frankly, I've got my own thing going on.
Because her fingers are hardened, and her dress smells so finely of pineapple.
It's made from the pineapple of Indian beetles.
Apparently, you can't put the pineapple back in the gaseous form for more than a few minutes.
We've got to give them some seaweed wheat and the beaches.
I kicked an empty pot, and it blew dirt all over the floor.
There's been a phaser fire in transporter room one.
Let me know if you want to make love.
At that point, the killer stuffed Anabelle's body into the pod of the anomaly, not knowing that by launching the cannon, he left the key evidence.
How long does the pimping process take?
You're gonna knock me out at some point, so you better get it over with.
I've really been hanging!
No, I'm hanging at 10:00.
She looks just like her mother.
"You look like your mother."
You look just like your mother.
She really looks like your mother, doesn't she?
Daddy, do I look like you or Mom?
"I'm glad she looks like her mother." I agree.
She looks just like Mom.
