If you talk to me one more time, I'll cut your throat.
Code 100, north of First York Square.
I thought so until I slit his throat.
His throat's been slit.
Her chest was cut open.
Your clients... a bunch of broke-ass feminists.
"You broke ass motherfucker."
Either they don't like him very much, or his firm is broke.
You're broke, and you're always gone.
Assholes are no good.
- Leave your coat open.
Open your jacket!
The master walks around the house with his robe open.
When I got there, he was standing in the hallway, Wearing a robe, looking wild.
He's had his robe open for 30 years, but now he's not decent.
I've been driving the wrong way at some point, and I can't find a gas station that's open.
"Which is open 24 hours a day to help with the transition."
We'd need a phaser to blow it open.
One of the phase two attendees just dropped out, so the position's open.
Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but at some point, I'm gonna rip your throat out and then you're gonna die.
The vents will provide air to the mine.
Throw him out the airlock?
Throw the dice and play.
He threw my Boy Scout tights in the trash.
You threw a vase at my head three years ago, and I stayed.
- I threw it away.
- Watch out for the trigger.
But this stuff throws the doors of perception open so you can see a whole new world.
I left the car doors open, he threw the garbage out, and we got the hell out of there.
My office is open if you want to throw the stuff on my desk.
You can drive there, kick the gate open and throw whatever you want.
No one could hold the door open long enough to dump the body.
One of the women threw me a phaser, and I shot.
I just threw them in the garbage at some point, which was recorded on the security camera.
That's where you throw photographs on the big screen.
You have already thrown in the towel.
Step one is like throwing the line in the water.
Our horses escaped.
That horse ain't going nowhere till the race starts.
I lost my job today, my horse ran away...
I opened the garage, the horse ran away.
The horses are getting away!
And the kid freaked out.
Don't start jumping on the walls.
Probably jumping off the walls right now.
Later, when you're alone with him, he'll tell you to stay away from me.
There's no point in both of us freezing to death.
I can hear the water coursing under the rocks.
Have you been hiding under a rock?
The hole is under that rock.
You live under a rock?
Sooner or later, you're gonna get tired of living under a rock, and your ego's gonna thirst for a glorious return to the land of the living.
There's a dog buried somewhere, but you can't see it.
If a hand breaks or a leg breaks, Islam's gonna fix the bones.
In the victim's right ankle? There's a vertical pin that's been surgically fastened to repair the fracture.
I'll fix the bones, but redesigning them...
And like the snows of the past, gone.
All right, I'll go clean.
Somebody's got to cut the old branches off.
You're a sheep farmer.
If he's a sheep, I'm not fucking him.
But where's the sheep to burn?
Too bad there wasn't some lamb at your press conference.
You're in a sheep dropping field!
Frankly, I've got my own agenda.
Because her fingers have calluses and her dress smells vaguely of resin.
It's chemical derived from the resin of Indian xuwell trees.
Apparently the resin can only be restored to the gaseous form temporarily.
We have to give them seaweed grains and a cotton beach.
I kicked an empty pot, and the dirt flew to the floor.
There's been a phaser fire in transporter room one.
Well, let me know if you want to make love, and I'll be happy to help with the transition.
At that point, the killer crammed Anabelle's body into the Oracle Pod, unaware that by launching the cannon, he left a decisive piece of evidence.
How long does the pimp phase take?
At some point, you're gonna knock me out, so you'd better get it over with.
I've really let myself go!
No, I'm hanging at 10:00.
She looks just like her mother.
"You look like your mother."
You look just like your mother.
She really looks like your mother, doesn't she?
Daddy, do I look like you or your mom?
"I'm glad she looks like her mother." I agree.
- Looks just like Mom.
