We're gonna get an egg cooked!
I got the banana!
The banana tea party is the first to go.
- Dad, can I have the potatoes?
There's the gugnards' potatoes and there's mine.
I'm sure it's the best of their one-sixty-six potato signs!
I kept the receipt to prove I have the Laratte potatoes.
Can I have the potatoes?
If I'm here, you'll be in love at first sight
How did he get struck by lightning... in a storm with no lightning strikes?
You were telling me about love at first sight...
That last crush burned my generator.
It wasn't love at first sight, it seemed... obvious.
I have an idea... you give up your tongue?
We could rebuild the Queen Elizabeth 2 Bridge with all this wood.
But I'm trying to make the bridge.
You want to make the bridge?
I'm all for getting the bridge fixed.
Let's make the bridge!
There are no cats.
There's not a cat on the streets, let alone palanquins.
Isn't there a kitten out there that needs a nail?
But there's no cat.
- There's no kitten.
- Throw in the towel!
- Are the carrots cooked?
Yes. "The carrots are cooked."
Carrots are cooked!
This time, the carrots are cooked.
Carrots are cooked!
I don't write "Fuck you, Stephanie" to someone who has her finger in their nose all the time.
Why are you getting your fingers in your nose so much?
Sometimes I dream of cutting your fingers in your nose.
- And stick your fingers in my nose?
You still got your finger in your nose!
I can't see a thing.
- I can't see a thing.
I think it's not your cup of tea.
- Isn't that your cup of tea?
It's like cat pee.
You smell like cat pee.
I'm not complaining, but you're not the one who perfumed my clothes with cat pee.
Your heads are filled with cat pee.
She's got five cats, so her house should smell like cat pee instead of beer and smoke.
But who will lead Rome's forces?
So how did you plan on taking the lead?
He'll take the lead, but I don't think he can hold the distance.
Take the lead!
Take the lead.
It's the end of the beans!
We've wasted a lot of time trying to understand the soul, while the material part of our being remains an unknown land.
My job is to take the souls.
How does it feel to take someone's soul?
Can we take the souls of the trees?
I take people's souls before they die.
I'm sure they built this place to get laid.
Let's have sex.
It's not time to celebrate or get laid yet.
Is it true a sheep can drown in a glass of water?
He drowns in a glass of water.
You smell like a tree.
It smelled like a tree.
- Why don't we move on?
All right, keep turning the pages.
- He's turning the pages backwards.
Turn the page.
Listen, honey, if you like the music, come and turn the pages for me.
And everything goes wrong?
Water becomes bitter with poison, wine turns sour.
Everyone spits on you, but you're not ready.
He wouldn't even take a bite of bread.
All this for a small piece of bread?
We were 14 children... and we had to fight at the table for a bite of bread.
It smells like someone's dead in here...
There's this excellent moment where his eye is dead...
Some of them are tired!
But you're tired.
Are you out of your mind?
Come on, Arthur, you've been on the moon for two months.
You're in the moon, and I'm the sun
And I realized it's all in the glass.
- That's west.
We're in the west side of theché.
The island is west of us, Hugh.
kisan is in the west of in mansion, near the greek border.
We're west of your position.
I don't know, I give up.
It's like trying to break down an open door.
Your tire's flat.
