We're gonna get an egg!
I got the banana!
The banana bar is the first to go.
- Dad, can I have the potatoes?
There's the gugnard potatoes and there's mine.
I'm sure it's the best of all of their forty-six potato signs!
I kept the receipt to prove that I have the Laratte potatoes.
Can I have the potatoes?
If I'm here, you'll have love at first sight
How did he get struck by lightning... in a storm with no struck by lightning?
You were telling me about love at first sight.
That last love at first sight fried my generator.
It wasn't love at first sight, it seemed... obvious.
I've got an idea.
We could rewrite the Queen Elizabeth 2 Bridge with all that wood.
But I'm trying to make the bridge.
You want to make the bridge?
I'm all for getting the bridge fixed.
Let's make the bridge!
There are no cats.
There's not a cat on the streets, let alone palanquins.
Isn't there a kitten out there that needs a nails job?
But there's no cat.
- There's no kitten.
- Throw in the towel!
- Are the carrots cooked?
Yes. "The carrots are cooked."
Carrots are cooked!
This time, the carrots are cooked.
Carrots are cooked!
I don't write "Fuck, Stephanie" to someone who's got a finger up her nose all the time.
Why are you sticking your fingers in your nose so much?
Sometimes I dream of combing your nose with my fingers.
- And stick my fingers up my nose?
Your finger's still in your nose!
I can't see a damn thing.
- I can't see a damn thing.
I think that's not your cup of tea.
- Isn't that your cup of tea?
It's like cat pee.
You smell like cat pee.
I'm not complaining, but you're not the one who perfumed my clothes with cat pee.
Your heads are filled with cat pee.
She has five cats, her house must smell like cat pee instead of beer and smoke.
But who will lead the forces of Rome?
So how were you planning on taking the lead?
He'll take the lead, but I don't think he'll make it.
Take the lead!
Take the lead.
It's the end of beans!
We've wasted a lot of time trying to understand the soul, while the material part of our being remains an unknown land.
My job is to take souls.
How does it feel to take someone's soul?
Can we take the soul from the trees?
I take people's souls before they die.
I'm sure they built this place to get laid.
We're having sex.
It's not time to celebrate or get laid yet.
Is it true that a sheep can drown in a glass of water?
He drowns in a glass of water.
You smell like a tree.
It smelled like a tree.
- Why don't we just move on?
Okay, well, keep turning the pages.
- He's turning the pages backwards.
Turn the page.
Listen, honey, if you like the music, come turn the pages for me.
And it's going down the drain?
The water becomes bitter with the poison, the wine turns sour.
Everyone spits on you, but you're not ready.
He wouldn't even take a bite of bread.
All this for a bite of bread?
There were 14 of us... and we had to fight at the table to get a bite of bread.
It smells like someone's dead in here...
There's this excellent moment where his eye is flat...
Some of them are exhausted!
But you're exhausted.
Are you in the moon?
Come on, Arthur, you've been in the moon for two months.
You're in the moon, and I'm the sun.
And I realized it's all in the scope.
- That's west.
We're on the west side of the themes!
The island is west of us, Hugh.
he's west of the Greek border.
We're west of your position.
I don't know. I'm just giving up.
It's like trying to break open a door.
Your tire's flat.
