We spend so much time talking past each other, not enough time to settle our differences, and if we can find compassion for each other, then we also have a chance to build a ground.
And then we made these legs, and they were made out of the ground, and they grew potato nuts and beets from the top, and they had a very lovely toenails.
I know from experience that children are naturally curious about things they don't know or understand or who are strangers to them.
I think if we're going to find the entire potential of humanity, we need to celebrate the heartbreaking strengths and wonderful shortcomings that we all have.
Some strange coincidences occurred to me, and I had accepted countless invitations to talk about cheetah exodus all over the world.
When the car stopped, the boy suddenly jumped 30 meters into the air and disappeared.
The typical view is that if you see or hear things, you go crazy, but psychotic hallucinations are completely different.
Fourteen hours of promicin surgery to turn myself into a creature with whipped paws, claws and a tail that was waving around like a beaver.
The only purpose these legs can have, disconnected from the film's perimeter, is to frustrate the senses and awaken the imagination.
I had a pair of carbon-fiber knitting legs shaped after the back of a cheetah, which you may have seen on stage yesterday.
So we made legs that people gently called glass blocks, even though they're actually translucent polyurethane, which is bowling ball material.
And that's when I knew that my relationship with society has been profoundly changed in this last decade.
But there were times when he didn't know for sure whether he was hallucinating or not, because the hallucinations matched the event.
But only one percent of them admit them because they're afraid they're gonna turn into a couple of paranoid maniacs or something.
So I made a deal with the adults that the kids could come in without the adults for two minutes by themselves.
We know our own imaginations, our inner scenes, and we've lived with them all our lives.
I'm here to talk about hallucinations, especially a certain visual hallucination in my patients.
But it's completely silent, like a silent movie.
It's possible that human beings don't just have car cells, car cells, car cells, car cells, car cells, car cells, car cells.
But you'd be surprised.
This is where I began to move away from the need to repeat the human nature as the only aerial concept.
The second time walking the streets of Paris, he saw a beheading.
When he got home, he saw a six foot tall beheading model on his desk in his office.
The second pair of feet we worked with were these... they look like jellyfish feet.
There's a certain form of visual hallucination that can be linked to impaired vision or blindness.
A man turns around, splits into six identical figures in stripes who begin to walk towards him.
We now know that there are hundreds of other kinds of cells that can be extremely specialized.
Then one eight-year-old said, "Hey, why wouldn't you want to fly?"
One day, he saw a man in a bathrobe with a pipe, and he realized it was him.
One of my other patients, who also had vision, may have been disturbing.
There are other parts of the brain that are particularly involved in the identifying and hallucinating of buildings and scenery.
Only at higher levels do the other senses enter, creating connections with memory and emotion.
The conversation usually went something like this:
And a girl who's known me for years at my normal height, 5'2".
In fact, it's been discovered that the different visual areas of the brain are activated during the experience of hallucinations.
It was discovered in the mid-to-the-after years of the war that it wasn't just certain parts of the brain, it was certain cells.
Because you can't get anyone to agree with you if they don't listen to you first.
For example, if we join the mountain and the fire together, we get a mountain, a volcano.
He was a reporter for a magazine called ID, and he did a cover story on me.
People came to me after the conference, after my speech, men and women.
The second character was half woman, half cheetah - a small token of my life as an athlete.
But he was scared.
Very often these hallucinations pop up and go away in a heartbeat.
Kermit the Toad means nothing to me.
When you're making pictures, the upper part of the galaxy's visual literature comes into play.
It's activated when people recognize, draw or hallucinate comic books.
So that we can stop boxing the shape, the action, the aerial, and the way we judge them in different ways.
A few months ago, I got a call from the nursing home where I work.
No man, no animal, they all seemed meaningless to him.
And then I said to him, "I think I know what's wrong with you."
Grandfather Charles Lullin saw hundreds of different figures and all kinds of scenery.
One day she said she saw a man in a striped shirt in a restaurant.
Let him see or hear psychotic hallucinations speak to you, they blame you.
Now we're about to start a little enlightenment.
They don't bother me any more than they bothered me when I was a kid, which I ignore.
What have I learned from being the received party to all this uglyness?
That, by the way, if you were paying attention, was not emotionally correct.
That's why I was there. I wanted to invite them over and get to know each other.
And interesting, from an identity standpoint, what does it mean to be retarded?
I mean, Pamela Anderson has more protein in her body than I do.
I've got them right here on stage, wine trees, magnolias, knocking me out.
I was asked if I could come and see old Mrs. Rosalie.
As far as the original description of the disease in the 18th century,
The images were translucent, and, like the screen, covered half the visual field.
In the first descriptions, it was thought that they could be translated like dreams.
I'm not a paper girl, and I'm not an undertaker.
I began to wonder how a new, fast way to learn Chinese could be useful.
The symbol of the door looks like a saloon door in the Wild West.
Now he picks up the pen with his thumb and forearm.
And secondly, is it possible, or even meaningful, to slow down?
The  concerned was literally a launch pad for the next decade of my life.
It's not fair that you can change your height any way you want.
He said he didn't recognize a single person or place in his delusions.
She was a smart old woman, perfectly healthy mind, no medical problems.
Your brain is perfectly fine, your mind is perfectly healthy.
About ten percent of blind people have hallucinations.
The face, sometimes the ugly face, is the most common single sight in these delusions.
In particular, there's an area of the coronary lobe called the vegetablesiformis.
There's another part of the brain that activates, especially when you see comic books.
You can't get to those higher levels.
Only when you're blind or blind do you break the chain.
I have a lot of pictures of them in my notebooks.
In fact, the better I do my job, the more people hate me.
I don't care if you call me a bat.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how it works.
Put the hook inside the door.
This way, using the first eight radicals, they allow us to create 32 signs.
He says to me:
We said we'd build a machine that would do what he wanted.
For some reason, there's no degree and no basics.
What a great idea!
It's supposed to be the Wonder Family.
Poetry raises the Jackal and the Missed object into the realm of art.
We can see with our eyes, but we can see with our brains.
But in the last few days, he had seen things.
I see a lot of kids walking up and down the stairs.
I'm meeting with a lot of old people whose hearing or eyesight has been weakened.
In 17
Sometimes he could see a teenage boy sitting on the hood.
If they admit their problems to their doctors, they can be misdiagnosed.
This is not the nature of being spoken to in the hallucinations of Charles
When human beings have simple cosmic hallucinations, they activate the vegetables of the visual carrot.
You speak of such matters with great understanding of your patients.
One eye is blind and the other is not quite sharp.
Don't they worry you?
I learned new signs every day for 15 years.
One tree is a tree, and two trees form a small forest.
The mark on the left is two mountains on top of each other.
I still don't think it's surprising.
And in my opinion, on a psychological level, something like this creates an equation.
And if that's not enough to be ashamed of, I got a ticket in Italy.
It gives you a rush of adrenaline, which is hard to let go of.
Or simply spend time slowing down and enjoying life.
What I'm saying is, I don't really overload myself anymore.
We see this kind of inside-out psychology all the time.
Some of you saw me at the wise 11 years ago.
Lucky for me, a lot of people answered the call.
But, of course, people have hallucinations, and hallucinations are completely different.
I see a white building, soft snow.
The boy was very resilient and moved quite smoothly when the car turned.
Suddenly you see a face.
Thank you very much.
And that means people don't like us, right?
He sat at a table with seven or eight of his friends.
When you take the load off, it becomes more controlled.
We went on a date, now we're on a speed date.
So sex is on the clock now.
One is that speed is fun and sexy.
Most of this has been researched in the field of race.
Some of the cards were held by white hands, some were held by dark hands.
We're thinking of creating something completely new that's going to affect your exercise.
But nothing has been invented to make me walk until now.
And other things I don't know.
The legs I showed at the time were groundbreaking.
It's no longer a case of needing to make up for lost time.
It feels like they're coming from the outside and mimic our perception.
I see a harnessed horse dragging the snow away.
About ten percent of blind people have visual hallucinations.
You don't have to be completely blind.
First he told me he saw a handkerchief in the air.
Then these six characters rejoined, like a haitar.
This part of the brain detects boundaries and models.
I just want to put it all together and let you know that this is common.
As a reminder, it's D-Y-K-E.
In other words, we may be politically correct but emotionally wrong.
I've never met anyone so nice.
I get a lot of really nice letters.
They're the building blocks that make all the other signs.
Put the sun and the moon together and we'll have brightness.
This person sneaks out the door, escapes, moves.
Three women, now be careful, resulting in cheating.
The mouth that tells us where to go out is the way out.
It's supposed to be Inspector
Today I'm six feet tall.
But the teeth on the other side of his mouth are huge.
He wondered if he was going mad or losing his mind.
About ten percent of deaf people have musical hallucinations.
Now I've probably said everything I wanted to say.
Do you yourself have any experience with the symptoms that you write about?
Ever since then, I've been enchanted by this wonderful language.
Open your mouth as big as you can until it's square.
He's a prisoner, like Jonah inside a whale.
If you put a hook under a tree, you get a foundation.
If you light a fire under two trees, it's on fire.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The next group of eight marks creates another 32 marks.
Once we've learned the signs, we'll start creating phrases.
Look at the way his fingers grab him, his thumb goes up, his wrist.
It was a fast-forward ad.
It's a limited resources: it wears off all the time.
Well... we'll hurry, won't we?
I was coming - well - the pun was pointless.
But why is it so hard to slow down?
These kinds of convictions are usually very specific.
It's what we see in the political differences between the different ethnic groups.
It could be China, it could be India, it could be some African country.
It's estimated that there's a world of, uh, one hundred and fifty million people in wheelchairs.
So, scientists and engineers, please, talk to us nerd.
When you describe your science, be careful with the professional language.
Actually, these are, uh... they're, uh... they're, uh, they're, uh, they're, uh, they're, uh, they're, uh, they're, uh, they're, uh, they're, uh, they're, uh...
These are some startling things we found.
They don't talk about it much.
How do you feed a growing population without destroying our planet?
They use 2,500 cubic miles of water for farming every year.
Which is enough to fill seven thousand empire state buildings every day.
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
And, like Hitler, he thought of himself as an art collector.
Goering was a terrible man by all accounts.
And also these very real-looking, painted beans.
No medication that could cause hallucinations.
I've been through this before.
A big blue handkerchief with four orange circles.
Many of them had to do with the car.
My other patient had a different type of hallucination.
Hear the traffic, all senses sensitive.
The images aren't formed in the sunglasses.
It's the first time I've ever heard of it.
You can't get far if you think of them as dreams.
This is the question I was afraid of.
Oh, yeah, a lot.
This was a fascinating speech.
When I do my job, people hate me.
Are you just being naive?
Three fires means a lot of flames.
The sun is our lucky sign.
The sun rises above the grid, the sun comes up.
We know Japan is the land of the rising sun.
So the sun and the origin, we get Japan.
These boys have an attitude beyond understanding.
I thought long and hard.
First of all, how did we get here so fast?
It runs in giant, un tumbleweed rings.
It's not my natural state to be a rush-holic anymore.
Thank you.
This is traditionally the most respectable form of happiness.
Occupational language stands in the way of understanding your ideas.
You can communicate your science clearly without losing your mind.
When you're showing your work, leave out the bullets.
Instead, they want to feed them more plant protein.
This map represents the world's farming grounds.
It'll take six million square miles of land.
We're already using all the land on our planet.
The Soviets really didn't have a... a, uh... a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh... a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh... a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh... a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a, uh, uh, a, uh, a, uh...
It's also an atmospheric overload.
What does a beautiful woman have to look like?
Nobody knew, everyone thought they were wooden boots.
It's no longer a conversation about overcoming shortage.
Seeing with your brain is often called imagination.
They don't feel like our own creations.
They don't seem to be under our control.
They come to a certain point and stop.
And he didn't know what was happening.
My grandfather was a justice of the peace, an old man.
Then he saw a big tire in the air.
They're pretty fast, and they change so quickly.
Things can be very complicated.
He liked to see comic books, but most of all, comic books.
Especially the comic books about Kermit the thunder.
So I started to think about all the, uh... the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh...
What's happening to these people?
It's a certain Tuesday night in the year
This specialty is very interesting.
I happened to see an Aston Martin this morning.
Actually, my eyesight is a little weak.
I'm a homosexual commentator for Fox News.
First of all, I want you to spell it right.
Or do you really want to hurt me in person?
It takes a thousand to read a book.
Put your mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Man after Japan, what do we get?
Losing one arm?
I was thinking about those boys with no hands.
There's something interesting about our society and our culture.
And don't destroy what you've been saying.
There's only so much time, so what do we do?
Even if sometimes they do nothing.
We're very good at this sort of thing.
One of the dolls might have liked green beans.
That's the night you don't sleep when you think about it.
We tie ourselves up in other ways, too.
One percent of the total population.
He took the last spark of hope from inside me.
How are they different from the rest of us?
It doesn't make you smile all the time.
Now you can open your eyes.
I learned this firsthand on my next adventure.
Here's an enlargement.
A man who turns towards me and smiles.
Then one night, the view changes.
I see cats and dogs patting me down.
I told the nurses.
Usually they don't blind or get stronger slowly.
The re-entry of sight is sometimes referred to as "commodus."
Second most common are comic books.
Kermit means nothing to me.
And they don't bother you?
Here's a human walking.
Three trees form a bigger forest.
If there are two fires, it will be very hot.
There's a woman on the left.
Two women, we have a debate.
We've been through about 30 signs.
Today, deportation has become an outing.
We showed it to a few of the boys.
That's 14 degrees of freedom.
Every time you print it, it's gonna make it bigger.
I had two questions.
Whereas in the Western world, time is a polar age.
You either use it or you lose it.
We want to go back to a slower rhythm.
Will the people in charge make good decisions for me?
You have to move in their rhythm.
Smith wants to know how you'll react.
It's a big deal, Smith says.
At Berkeley bionics, we call these robots exoskelons.
This isn't just wishful thinking.
Amanda's wearing our E.P.S. equipment.
In fact, people are totally addicted to it.
We'd need to get some supplies and some water.
Now there are nearly seven billion people.
It's almost the size of South America.
Today, the flow of many great rivers has diminished.
And I thought it was funny.
I work most of the time in old people's homes.
He knew it was a hallucination.
There are no tissues hanging in the air.
It was the only figure he recognized.
He was having very moving hallucinations.
They seduce, they humiliate.
Standing on a certain street corner.
Waiting for his girlfriend.
There's a whole different way to hallucinate Charles.
Now it's here somewhere.
Think of the blind.
Thank you.
It's almost exactly like that.
The hate mail I receive is unbelievable.
I'll give you an example.
You know, political persuasion begins by being emotionally correct.
I'm not saying it's easy.
A Chinese scholar understands about 20,000 brands.
There's an intersection button. It'll look down the page.
I went through these very quickly.
In some cultures, time is a cycle.
It's a very renewable, renewable thing.
One of you may deny this.
The Taj
Carefully, of course.
Thank you.
So that's the second way, the first is positive feelings.
The pursuit of meaning is the most powerful.
Lake Aral is probably the worst.
This is a major environmental disaster.
More than all the traffic.
More than all the electricity.
It's just as important as global warming.
That's almost the population of Germany.
But that's not the only problem.
The entire farming industry is 16 million square miles.
We're looking at 30 million square miles.
How do we proceed from here?
Someone who could be super capable.
It's a conversation about how to add.
It's a conversation about potential.
I went to see him.
He knew it was an illusion.
Totally out of his control.
I've examined him thoroughly.
You've got Charles.
That's when you start seeing things.
What's happening?
I had to take it with me.
Suddenly this.
I'm having these cosmic hallucinations.
Thank you very much.
And you can't have sex...
And that's just part of the show.
I call these eight figures radicals.
Three suns, lightning.
Anybody home?
And you can't do that.
You can write on it, it works on all the shows.
I think there are many reasons.
Can you guess what this is?
Let it be said that.
Let's get this straight.
You see the digging duct?
An area the size of Africa.
Everyone must sit down.
One answer was George Clooney.
They just don't like them.
She feels sorry for him.
The first shock hurts like hell.
That's when I got anxious.
Depression is faulty love.
My son still had a father.
It's a great city.
It started an incredible journey.
What kind of body is sexy?
His grandfather was having hallucinations.
He'd had a caesar surgery.
The vision was weak.
So I'm on TV.
I care about two things.
You might be surprised.
So here's something you didn't expect:
Two suns, lucky.
A whole arm, a mukaaned shoulder.
We put it together.
He's gonna scratch his nose.
We could be wrong.
It's not the only thing that can go wrong.
There are many ways.
This is Harriet Beecher Stowe.
So that's reality.
I really needed the money.
Imagine this happening on Lake Up.
Or Lake Huro.
It's an extraordinary change.
Let's start with this.
You can walk there now.
What's more important is the diet change.
The plants need water and food.
No one calls him a retard.
Then there'll be another change.
But he was blind.
They scared him.
They're mocking me.
You're in contact with them.
You can smell the roast chestnut.
But only those.
The positives are really nice.
It's an emotional flaw.
The result is the mouth.
This is a tree.
This is a mountain.
It weighs three ounces.
That's great.
Okay, double the word, look at 200.
This was denied by the Taj
We've been limiting ourselves.
A caterpillar's mouth.
That's strange.
The climate conditions have changed.
Some of them dry out completely.
It's a tricky situation...
It's not a car. It's a car.
Why does it matter?
Would you eat this?
The pain will go away.
But we need more ideas.
But the truth lies.
It's important to be crazy, too.
Thank you very much.
Are you ready?
Japanese.
They have sensors.
Thank you.
We must work together.
Take food.
Let's just think about sex.
Poems matter.
Thank you.
Including animals.
Why Kermit?
Thank you.
The sun.
Interesting.
They're heavy!
