All of a sudden, the people were not only standing in the streets, screaming their slogans, but they were taking them to negotiations, in part because they represented the victims of these weapons.
How can we escape the fact that we have a double vent, if we preach democracy and at the same time we don't want to deal with groups that are representative?
But for several years, I've studied the Remigihelaas Casino building in Beijing and the Olympic stadium in the same city by the architects Pietog and Voltron.
And with every move that finds its own unique way of getting there, this tower becomes like a city with its own life, a place that lives with its micro economy and its small business.
So, if we refuse to interact with these new groups that are going to dominate the news for years to come, we're going to increase radicalization, I think.
We just have to keep trying.
Another sign, this, is the acknowledgment over the years, over the last years, of the small number of domestic conflicts between the states, and semi-state conflicts that can be resolved militaryly.
And how can we tell the Muslim Brotherhood, as we should, that they must respect the rights of minorities, if we do not accept the rights of the majority?
In a region recognized for the soft, porous soil of the Léss plateau, until recently, it was estimated that there were 40 million people living in underground houses.
The international Committee of the Red Cross, the S.H.I.E.L.D., is talking to everyone, and it's doing it because it's neutral.
So we've spent more time focusing on the reason for not talking to others than finding how to talk to others.
So he embarked on a political dialogue process, not as a weak strategy, but as a force strategy.
And he is engaged in detailed talks to settle some of the most delicate issues through a process of truth and reconciliation where people have come and gone.
They can represent social, religious, political, economic, or military realities.
It's, as I see it, coming out of this weakened decade, because we didn't understand the group.
When I first came to Afghanistan in 1946, as foreign minister, I met with the FLN commander, the international troops.
And that's why this organization is probably the most informed key player to understand modern conflict— because they speak.
Besides, over the last decade, we've been in a mode where treatment with groups was conceptualically and politically dangerous.
Talking isn't easy between individuals, between groups, and between governments, but it's really necessary.
I can't do this unless I send signals that I'll be listening signals from the other side.
We know from personal experience that sometimes it's easy to back out, and sometimes you have to fight.
And I believe we must strengthen that approach in modern diplomacy, not only between the states, but within the states as well.
Together, the people created public spaces and they designed them so that they felt more like home and less like an unfinished tower.
Once on the water, it's clear that life is completely tailored to these very specific living conditions.
As in Mazzini or in David's vineyard, everywhere in Zabbalin's house we find all the same services as in any neighborhood.
Coke's success is relevant because if we can analyze it, learn from it, then we can save lives.
Most governments followed the Khanary leaders' wishes that were to stay away from these different groups, because they were terrorists.
And when the tension grew, they'd already had this dialogue, and that was a force to deal with different issues.
Slowly, from found material, the walls go up, and people create a space with no matter what objects or materials are found.
Even lifeboats become shops where ladies work from one house to another, selling everything from toothpaste to fresh fruit.
They were floating on the canals in a large lifeboat with a generator so the whole community could enjoy it.
But the situation is evolving, and we find that there are new key actors coming to the stage.
And the paradox is that the previous decade was so promising-- and mostly for a reason.
It's critical to understand, I believe, because of technology and because of globalization, the respective societies.
But the problem is we're coming out of a decade where we've been afraid to touch her.
They were conceived in very specific ways by this group of people who have never studied architecture or design.
In this tradition, the bride soars all her possessions, which will soon bring to her new husband.
Although their access to space and money is limited, the houses in this area are designed with care and detail.
The rules of engagement: how to talk, when to talk, and how to deal with them.
There may be a need to treat them with military means, but they can't be solved with military means.
They need a pallive process where the real tissue of this very complicated society can deal with their problems.
It's their right to fight. Now, as you know, he didn't do that.
And we must go beyond traditional diplomacy towards the issue of our time's survival, climate change.
What makes people trust each other, not only between states, but also within states?
But when you look closely, you see huge holes through which elevators and services would have worked.
During that night I met this band of music on their 31 in their coordinated clothes.
We, who are diplomats, are trained to deal with the conflicts between the states and the issues between the states.
And the other one you're going to make contact with is the one you're in deep disagreement with.
If we go with them, there's a risk of legitimizing them. I think this is a mistake.
If you talk properly, you clearly say that talking is not okay.
The paradox here is that the last decade has probably been a wasted decade for progress on this point.
And while we're trying to understand this vast movement across the Arab world, we're not helpless.
By nightfall, the region becomes a black ink, with the exception of a small light bulb or a fire.
Each apartment is unique, and this individual tells the story of the circumstances and values of each family.
Allow me to show you a slide that expresses the character of the conflicts here from 1929 to the present day.
You see in green this is a traditional interstate conflict, those we used to read in the press.
I believe that interference in Libya was necessary and that military intervention in Afghanistan was also necessary.
The MTV of the international Coke campaign is opening up happiness, but they prioritize it.
But there's one thing I don't believe a lot of people are thinking, which is the context in which a technology comes in.
It's just fun, and people love to move around doing fun things.
'Cause technically I have engines, I have wheels - I'm in a motor vehicle.
I took this up to Ground Zero, and I made my way through the crowd for an hour.
I'm 81 years old, and I don't drive a car anymore,
And, in fact, this is something that a democratic society must also do.
(laughs) But in fact, it's not my fault; it's from The Guardian.
In my new company, Marilyn Monantis, I'd like to use art to create technology.
We gave the robot back-- inside his head is a database with a lot of jokes.
What can I do?
The guy's voice is being heard again.
We're tracking pollution at the top of the food network, in sea mammals and fish.
And you could just see a death net as we went down into the water column.
And then there's the threatening, thorny human health problem, the effects on human health that have been reported.
And we realize in the West that we know very little about what's going on.
At the present time, the discussions are going very fast, should we talk to the Muslim Brotherhood?
We're making a distinction between talking on a diplomatic level and talking on a political level.
The diplomatic toolbox is actually full of different tools that we can use to strengthen our communication.
We need to improve the necessary skills, and we need to have the courage to use them.
So in short, I'm shocked by all the things they don't have.
If they can do that, why can't governments and NGOs do the same thing?
Someone once described it as bowling in the dark.
They said, "You throw the ball, you hear some pins falling."
And in Africa, lonely places, it's hard to find good roads.
And in 1936, the Ethiopian government launched this new system in its own country.
But then you take the toilet and you present it as a practical, modern, fashionable thing.
And that would only be the second disease to be removed from the face of the earth.
500 years ago, sailing sailboats began to be sufficiently reliable; we found a new continent.
I don't keep any in my living room.
Depending on who you trust with your numbers, that's between 60 and 85,000 people a day.
We want to contribute to cutting-edge fields, and we want to do it another way.
In the 20th century, we saw the independent development of two great themes in science.
And she made a very low passage, a few hundred miles above the surface.
And here, this is an image of atoms in the sun's atmosphere absorbing light.
What happens when we hold a star that's right on the edge of that mass?
And there was no carbon or oxygen in the universe during the first generation of stars.
And the core of these key actors are groups that represent different interests inside the countries.
And he told me that, uh, we can win militaryly, Minister.
But now, as we prepare to interact, we realize how little we know.
And you don't have to be okay when you sit with the other side.
Our modern Western societies are more complex than they were in the past, back in the '30s.
With this subtraction architecture, these decks are built on the inside of the ground.
But I think, as a community, we still have a lot to learn.
He associates the product with the kind of life people want to have.
So even though this is an international company, they're taking a very local approach.
But they didn't stop there.
That doesn't sound like flag in the wind to me.
A state in northern India has been up to now to associate toilets with courtship.
And I'm happy to tell you that only one other person in this area has had polio.
So we're gonna run out of money for polio here next summer.
Then you don't need anything to control your car, except to think about it.
When Henry Ford first came in, just 100 years ago, the T model.
These are quite different, and they're beyond the reach of modern diplomacy.
And we, so, we have a problem, because they escape traditional diplomacy.
And my country trusts her safety through the military alliance, this is clear.
However, we still have an important interest in the treatment and understanding of modern conflicts.
And so, armed forces are necessary, but armed is not the solution to the problem.
But if you don't interact, you can't get in touch with anyone else.
And I think the international community would have said, "What the hell?"
Another place I'd like to share with you is where the Zabbalin are, in Cairo.
In fact, when I travel the world in development, Coke seems ubiquitous.
And I believe that there really are three things we can learn from Coke.
There are now almost 1,500 of these centers in Africa that employ about 1,500 people.
I think an excellent example of this is the new Ethiopian health care extension program.
The two songs have something in common... the same call to celebration and unity.
And there's some indication around the world that things are starting to change.
As you've noticed, every time you come here, you learn something.
What if we could make them fun, attractive, clean, respectful of the environment?
And I can't believe a cop's gonna give himself a ticket.
The Greeks went from the Petronysus theater to the Parthenon in Tuniss.
The first cause of human mortality on this planet is the poor quality of the water.
We have about $120 million, and we want to make things right.
It took me about 25 seconds to decide that this was a good idea.
It's probably this place, a moon of Jupiter, Europe.
But that bright star there is actually one of the stars in the galaxy.
And the way they deal with their conflicts is spreading quickly to other countries.
After 9/11, you were either with us or against us.
Ten years after this military intervention, this country is far from secure.
It was very controversial to say three, four, or five years earlier.
What I mean is you don't need to be neutral to interact.
We're going to make the path of violent activities to politics a harder path of access.
And I wouldn't say that's the wrong thing under any circumstances.
The electricity is tampered with and the purest drinking water comes from fortune wells all over the region.
But I'm surprised by one thing they have: Coke.
That's why I took some time to study Coke.
So they take the data, and they use it to measure progress.
In development, the appraisal takes place at the end of the project.
In Tanzania and Uganda, they represent 90 percent of Coke's sales.
They've formed 35,000 extensive care employees to bring care directly to the people.
And in South Africa, they associate happiness with inaudible or respect for the community.
And polio, I think, is one of the strongest examples.
But let me make this story a little more real for you.
They've been where Shriram lives and they've vaccinated two million people.
It's not bad, but why don't you remove the wires?
So the car was a clean, environmental alternative to horse and cart.
It was totally rational, with 64 percent of the people living there.
And we're kind of hoping that history will say we were right.
In a Newtonian universe there is no center - thank you.
We can only tell where something is compared to everything else.
But this is not the best candidate to house life in the solar system.
It's called the Sun.
There is, I think, one more wonderful twist to this story.
It was taken by this thing called the Voyager ship.
And this is an image of me before him to see it on a scale.
So he knows what the joke's about, he knows how long it is.
There's trade, there's disarmament, there's cross-border relations.
We need military presence, but we need to move on to politics.
Arab spring becomes autumn and winter is coming.
There's a wide range in how to deal with this issue.
And the reason is what happened in South Africa was Nelson Baum.
And there was a distinction between diplomacy and crushing power,
They take real-time data and immediately integrate it into the product.
They're using local business talent, and they're doing incredible marketing.
So they took some time to figure that out.
And it became number one in 17 countries.
Wash your hands, you might not get diarrhea.
We know that circumcision reduces HIV infections in men by 60 percent.
We've seen a 99 percent reduction in polio in 20 years.
(Laughs) Yesterday, the car guys were presenting their new ideas.
In 5,000 years, we've receded for city travel.
We're thinking a lot about what really makes science work.
Independent from the presence of others, from history and so on.
She started with the invention of the theory of relativity and quantum theory.
There must be psychological self-organizing, inside the universe, that create things.
All actors in show business; a democracy is part of a network of relationships.
And it's really a beautiful demonstration of how much science costs.
It's about £12 billion a year out of 620 billion.
In fact, it's an image of the hydrogen spectrum.
This is an image of the Earth captured in this quadrant of 1980.
They say greatness is an experience that humbles and forms character.
We know enough at the beginning of the 19th century.
(laughs) (applause) You look great.
I've been trying to reach you since yesterday.
Have you ever seen that little Swiss knife they have to fight with?
My boyfriend's dead.
But here's the thing, I'm one of the privileged individuals.
So I was then invited to go to the Gulf in May.
So, what do we got?
By the way, we know this because of the black tide of Exxon Valdez.
So, actually, it speeds up the penetration of oil into the body easily and easily.
And then part of that knowledge is part of my nightmares.
And, whether you believe it or not, this is it, a taxi to Nigeria.
This is where they're going.
You can say it's a hygiene issue.
But we had problems with this one.
And the states have a certain reluctance to deal with these conflicts.
And who knows what name he'll have in the end.
My diplomats are in charge of talking to all these groups.
Now the dialogue can be accompanied by help or without help.
We as diplomats need to understand the social capital of the communities.
In the lobby, they painted the walls and planted trees.
Without elevators, the tower is a 45-story flight of stairs.
The tour of the Zabbalin homes is also full of surprises.
And I'm not the first person to ask that question.
Well, what's the second thing Coke's good for?
What can governments and NGO learn from Coke?
Now, think about how this can change people's lives.
Now that's well-integrated with the World Cup campaign.
Use a condom, don't get infected with AIDS.
And can you guess what these young people are waiting for?
65% of the surface of our cities matches the parked cars.
For Asia alone, it'll be more than one billion people.
They didn't have to walk the same 100-year-old path as us.
And I'd like to talk to you about three stages in this evolution.
So, in a relationship universe, we have to have processes of self-organization.
We're living in a difficult and demanding time on an economic level, of course.
There you see, it's about 620 billion a year.
I just wanted to show this image because it's remarkable.
It's actually an image of the sun.
But look at the number of black lines in that spectrum.
It's just one of the billion galaxies in the universe.
So, I think science can be-- cannot be trusted.
It can be beautiful and reveal some pretty amazing things.
It looks like Saturn because, of course, it's Saturn.
And if I increase the zoom towards there, you see her.
This is it. This is home. This is us.
We don't need to find out more about our universe.
And he'll try to observe your reaction.
If you appreciate what's going on, show the green side.
Others take out her cell phone and call 911.
Well, the big chemical companies are what we're dealing with here.
And that was the entire sea ducks food network.
The question I'm asking you is, why shouldn't we know?
And in order to do that, we need to do this evaluation.
Some of us survive malaria, we survive AIDS.
What's a neoluscope?
There are still people who believe it and they came.
At an oxygen saturation of 53 percent, when normal is 68%.
And I can tell you, our schedule is full.
So somehow, this is everyone's business.
The situation, to be honest, is very serious.
Because we've never spoken to people in these countries.
Now my friends in South Africa know that it was very painful.
The solution is a strategy of commitment and dialogue based on principles.
They're good at using these local business skills.
Melinda French Gates: Feels good, doesn't it?
Well, it's based on avoidance, not suction.
I'm sure you've heard some of these messages.
But there's a solution: you build a toilet.
I even saw it used as a chicken coop.
The disease could have come from two places.
50 percent of the world's population now lives in the city.
We all love our cars, and I love them, too.
In fact, what are we up against right now?
They're starting at the top of the technology food chain.
We don't need complicated heart transplants all over the world.
I don't know, but we'll try.
This universe is described as a network of relationships.
All the properties of things depend on these types of relationships.
So this is general relativity, this is quantum theory.
So, there's an interesting discussion going on.
This last vision of cosmology is called relationship vision.
We think it could be hundreds of miles deep.
All right, this looks like a picture of, like, nothing at all.
This is a boundary imposed on the mass of the stars.
So this star is also 50 million light years away.
So, this doesn't look like our planet.
But he visited Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune.
And we're moving forward today in this difficult economic time.
(Laughs) We're based in New York City.
Each one of these jokes has specific attributes.
Well, then, let's make way for the robot stand-up.
- How can there be even worse news?
So thank you all for being a part of it.
And we're hoping to learn a lot about robot communication.
So this is a primal case of innocence.
And we dived into the tablecloth without even the equipment for dangerous material.
Corekala also contains oil solvents as well as a number of other toxic compounds.
So this is a very sensitive species to this combination.
And we're hoping that some of you can help us.
Whatever it is, please let us get the truth.
I graduated from high school at Cleveland High School in Ohio in 2005..
I finished college, got my medical degree in 1986.
Tell me, how many people do you think are on that cab?
Believe it or not, some of us survive.
We're going on a mission.
Good health is wealth, as Hans Rosler says.
Well, here we are, on a mission.
Yeah, let's fix this thing.
It doesn't matter, 'cause it worked.
Our brains are three times the size of a gorilla.
That's when it started to bother me seriously.
And we're struggling with how to deal with them.
Red is a modern conflict, conflicts within the states.
We can only solve this problem with a political solution.
It'll last a long, long time.
Because they can turn out to be a majority.
Sailing can be accompanied by weakness or without weakness.
So, what can we learn from all this?
This may be the first element of change.
The good news is we're not helpless.
In Maidan, there are very few systems or arsenals.
It's amazing, if you think of Coke.
Let's compare that to development for a minute.
Well, they're already starting to talk about this.
The third element of Coke's success is marketing.
People sure use it for materials.
Then why is all this so important?
In 1913, we dropped to 1,600 cases.
You don't need snow.
They got bigger, they spread.
This was the triumph of neo-darwinism and so on.
The most important was done in 1975 by Chase Econometrics.
And electrons can only be found in certain places.
Actually, this one's a carbon/oxygen dwarf.
This is a spectacular image of our home planet.
It's our planet seen from 149 billion kilometres away.
He said, consider that point again.
I think he's going to be very popular.
He's talking about the Swiss.
Do you like television?
The burden of proof doesn't rest on the producer.
I had a violent sore throat two days later.
And then there's the Wamchio problem.
In number 9527 was glybutoxyethanol, which causes internal bleeding.
And, guess what, there's tons of stuff missing.
With oil alone, there's 98 percent fertilization.
Myself, I could see it easily in the water column.
What, in our opinion, would be a tropical stunt?
Look at this bag.
You get richer faster if you're healthy first.
This is Mike, and he's from Mississippi.
You pick out what instruments you need, you stock up on consumables,
These are my classmates from other schools.
The human brain is not a big rat brain.
Why does he consume so much energy, then?
It distracts him with pretty images, unrelated data.
I'll tell you two things.
What's the social result of that?
It'll be about people from all over America.
Alan Kay will talk to you later today.
What's the cost of this communications system?
Here's the line:
But my most important question is always the same.
We sit around and she forges our minds.
Black holes are dark on a black sky.
CDT is the great general theory of NJ Einstein's relativity.
Even light would be diverted along these routes.
He thought that nature would protect us from their formation.
But basically that's what we're talking about.
They can turn hundreds of times a second.
And we can predict the sound he'll make.
(Laughs) You should get away from the sound.
In this Hubble image we see two galaxies.
They almost seem to be entwined in an embrace.
This is not to arm our country to the teeth.
And I answered, "Yes, Your Holiness.
But I don't believe in effortless hope.
And a few months later I was writing songs.
You become your country, you become your religion.
There are sinners and saints, criminals and victims.
And groups are very often labeled immediately as 137 terrorists.
You can't negotiate with everyone all the time.
We didn't realize what was going on.
But we can talk in different ways.
We must embrace these profound changes.
But this strategy never gets us very far.
They sell 320 billion drinks every day.
So what's the next step for Ethiopia?
And it's working.
Women refuse to marry men who don't have toilets.
Let's look at a country like India.
They have two and a half million people who can vaccinate.
And a lot more people could have been infected.
This isn't field marketing.
But think of where the world is today.
All other forms of transport have been improved.
I don't look like a motor vehicle.
And the camera's staring at her.
We have to show them this thing.
( mechanical noises ) ( music ) ( applause )
And here are some ethical principles.
I'm in amusement and success mode.
The idea was that everything is determined.
Actually, Newton and Locke were friends.
They're thinking the same things.
So that's what we're going to discuss.
So that's what we're gonna talk about.
And that's why he's calling him he.
Well, this is a picture of it.
This was taken by the Cassini probe.
It's the Earth six billion miles away.
He was clearly assaulted the whole time.
He's named after the character from Star Trek.
'Cause she's his palette at the ready.
( Applause ) You've been a great audience.
And it shows.
So, my project lies along the Atlantic Northwest.
They end up in sewage factories.
And we let the industry call the shots.
I had the impression that my throat was on fire.
And usually, exhibition is a combined exhibition.
The solvents they contain make it very effective.
It will also cause internal bleeding during the ingestion.
We've begun to make hypotheticals, what do we know?
We've joined certain partners.
Don't we have a right to know?
So I'm happy to be here.
You can say that this is partly an education issue.
Trust me, these are current photos.
Today, eight, everyone uses PAX anyway.
Our oxygen tanks weren't working very well.
That's what I mean when I talk about appropriate technology.
This is exactly how the sockets are designed.
This oxygen delivery technology is not new.
Why is the human brain so special?
I don't think we look like that.
First, you capture atoms in a special bottle,
Dancing really makes science easier to understand.
But you don't have to take my word for it.
And that brings me to my modest proposal.
We certainly can't argue with those numbers!
Are people satisfied with the results?
The auto cost is undervalued, and thus over exerted.
We need to set up a better return from the market,
Wireless technology simplifies this retroactive cycle in real time.
The wireless networks are self-destructive post offices.
(Laughs) They're also called host networks.
I'll give you some examples.
I'll close with two points:
And even light couldn't escape that current.
This is the hard work of a scientist in harsh conditions.
He didn't believe they existed in nature.
Imagine being inside the Big Bang.
We're in a hurry, build your instruments!
And this little girl comes to me.
You become a Christian, a Muslim, a Jew.
And there are times when you should leave.
Social groups have come down to the streets.
So let's start with the data.
They have this endless loop of returns.
Let's look at the development now.
So how does health care and development do their marketing?
And I think that's a mistake.
Well, you work with the community.
But more importantly, it saves lives.
For me this is a deep happiness.
No one would want to live without that.
For the 20 biggest cities in the world.
They started directly from the cell phones.
And this network of relationships is constantly evolving.
So we call it a relationship universe.
It's about a mile in diameter; about 500 kilometers.
It's an image of more than one.
That's when Cassini flew under Encelade.
And they saw strange images like this.
It's an explosion of a Huma 1a supernova.
And he took this image of the Earth.
He knows the intensity of its effect.
He doesn't have feelings... yet.
It's an honor to be here.
Here's the first.
One of them falls on the floor.
He doesn't seem to be breathing.
I find it incredibly educational.
(laughs) That's all for today.
Was that right for my first?
There's a lot more to come.
This is, on a scale of one region, an environmental study.
We hardly regulate them.
The decision was to protect the swamp.
So, here we see oil on the surface.
So here we have another scenario.
Is it better with one eye or with both?
So, that's not rational at all.
So, this is how it works.
They're unidentified.
But that's how my nightmares present themselves.
So, we're running an independent study.
And that's my specialty.
Open heart surgery in Nigeria, that's a big problem.
Does he seem happy to you?
We're given a lot of equipment.
So, what are we gonna do now?
We've successfully operated on 12 open-heart patients.
Have you ever seen anything like this?
That's what makes him so special.
Well, what about our brains?
It's just a big primate brain.
What happened, then?
I have a doctorate in molecular biology.
And for some reason, it seems to be working.
They do it by changing their shape.
In Portsmouth, the United States,
How do we build a big network?
We see the light reflected by the moon,
They're making waves all around.
These are the natural curves of space.
She can't hide behind the black hole.
At home it's got a monstrosity sound.
Here's another sound from my band.
The two black holes are closing in.
And they're gonna merge.
(French) C ñ is a terrible noise.
C plus is literally the definition of noise.
And I'm trying with all my might.
She answers in airports all over the world.
Working together, that's what changes our world.
I'll tell you a brief story.
There was a mother and her three children.
His children were killed instantly.
It's hard work, every day.
Actually, I went to Nashville.
In your heart a voice calls.
And I've done thousands of shows.
The others change us.
And who would talk to terrorists?
And sometimes military intervention is necessary.
Everyone seems to agree with that.
Allow me to take one more step.
There's a revolution going on.
How can we ever be talking to each other?
And what's the dialogue?
We're seeing new signs.
They also made a basketball court.
And there's even a church there.
These dwellings are called the Ruslans.
Sometimes they store seeds there.
( laughs ) I'm not kidding.
They're waiting to be circumcised.
And this victory is so possible.
I could have told them.
And it's definitely a marvel.
You're doing it in sneakers.
And they were closely linked.
That amount funds everything in the U.K.
It's a picture of the moon in florido.
Actually, it's an ice moon.
So exploration can be profitable in itself.
That's a pretty amazing prediction.
It's called a carbon/oxygen dwarf.
Voyager is a tiny machine.
They were pretty lucky.
It's called seals as sentries.
And they go to electronic waste dumpsters.
That reaction became much more aggressive.
Turns out there are pistachios.
They're like the FedEx guys.
So we know because of the previous tides.
And the gills are very sensitive.
The respiratory system is very sensitive.
They ripped them off the rock.
Here's the sterilization equipment in Nigeria.
So, here are the problems.
And we were doing open heart surgery.
This photo was taken last year.
And you're all primates.
So what's the advantage of being human?
Two words: we're cooking.
Why are we driving too much?
These things are gonna happen.
There's an incredible oversight.
The sun burns our peripheral vision,
We can't see them directly.
It's not big enough.
This is one of those groups.
You'd literally hear the sound.
Then it's over.
(Breathing heavily) C mon is over.
Mom, I'm really trying.
I am of course in favor of the adoption of this treaty.
It's stopping the sands bitumously.
It's all at once.
We need that in the world.
The Nobel Peace Prize.
Working for peace is very creative.
You have to work hard, every day.
She also won the Nobel Peace Prize.
She's now running for president.
Maybe they couldn't offer more.
That's not a dirty word.
She's a high school student.
And they have a lot of fun.
They took off his colorful sare.
I also like rock and roll.
Bring this campaign to these countries.
Parents are more under stress than people who don't have kids.
So, how did we get here?
I have a steady job.
The father is in a room, alone.
There's no school program for that.
It's a continuous process of falling.
Let me show you how it works.
Isn't that great?
The front wheels move like this.
We've designed a charity plan.
This is a robot-amibe.
It's one of HyDollywood's arms.
Here it is this year, in Austria.
Then education is very important.
It's reduced to childish qualities.
It's true for me.
I'm testing your ability to solve.
I see some yeses.
It's either white or black.
Okay, I'm not naive.
Let's turn to Afghanistan.
Because we didn't reply.
And you can still walk away.
That's not the point.
Do we have to talk to the padre?
And they brought their knowledge.
Thank you for your attention.
Then why is it interesting?
Well, it's based on suction.
Can you believe it?
How did this happen?
So what's the result?
And we're so close.
(Laughs) That's reassuring.
It was twice as long.
That's six and a half billion people.
So, how does this work?
And let me show you.
What's fascinating and beautiful...
Certainly, we know enough.
Don't be shy.
It's a robot.
And I got sick.
Now they're at 9500.
The tiles form around the oil.
And Dave Gallo is registered.
I've recovered.
Remember all that oil?
But let's continue.
So we did our math.
A laser, that's different.
That would probably help.
This is my vision of the future.
What is their terrible weakness?
We need to move things along.
Thank you.
They're destroying the stars all around.
The two black holes are moving.
He might make a noise.
We weren't even there.
These are my multiverse creatures.
Thank you.
That's what we call world security.
It's saving tigers.
That was Mairead's sister.
This is Rigjenta Menchutov.
Go ahead, girl.
She started singing her song.
We're all refugees.
She calls herself Sakena Yacoobi.
She's also immensely practical.
He was flattered.
Thank you.
Thank you, thanks.
Their marital satisfaction is lower.
They were considered economic assets.
We're glad to hear it.
So we have two prototypes.
So this is CascaBeR.
It's no more remote controlled.
There you go.
The first is the whore.
She's far too available.
You wouldn't do it to another woman.
Order, order, order.
It's an eternal quest.
Come on, my friends, really?
An emerald rooster.
They need political solutions.
This is Tahrir Square.
Sometimes you have to.
An example is hygiene.
That's not right.
It hasn't changed that much.
I'd better shut up.
So, a tiny moon.
A beautiful and terrible discovery.
Well, there is.
An Earth rise seen from Apollo 8 .
What about scientific discoveries?
What about it?
Hello, TEDwomen.
Ready for some jokes?
Thanks a lot.
And we reported it.
But eventually it went away.
This was found by independent researchers.
Does that make sense?
This is a vendetelle.
Here's another group.
Sylvia's one of them.
Thanks a lot.
It's unfortunate.
That's impossible.
And Darwin, too.
Thanks a lot.
Good evening.
( music playing ) ( applause )
I'm really scared.
That's not enough.
Ken Livingston has been re-elected.
Zero dollars a month.
It doesn't matter!
They can see you.
Will it happen again?
This reminds me of meditation.
This has gone to action.
This is incredible.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
They broke his bracelets.
But Sakena defies etiquette.
And the pressure went up.
They have to negotiate.
How did Movember start?
I pay my taxes.
Thank you!
No one is opposed to an opinion.
In maths, different equations,
- What?
Gwen, after you.
Okay, great.
Dig up the owl.
But maybe not.
The project was deemed impossible.
This last one was very popular.
This is Jackie White.
She recognized me!
Now everybody's okay.
Coke is everywhere.
We need water.
Yes.
I can help you.
Yeah.
It's the trade secret again.
There were storms.
Nobody knew.
What about us?
to connect the cultures.
Why this one?
555.
So I tell him.
Myths and magic.
This is remarkable.
Come on.
Well, great.
The plot thickens.
There's more.
Take another look at this clip.
I was contaminated.
It's gone.
Guess what?
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Lucky you.
What pistachios?
Very interesting.
Thank you.
Thank you.
(applause)
(applause)
(applause)
