We spend so much time talking through each other, not enough time to settle our differences, and if we can find compassion for each other, then we have a chance to build square ground.
Then we made these legs, grown out of the ground, with potato nuts and beets on top, and a very lovely twig.
I know from experience that children are naturally curious about things that they don't know or understand or who are strangers to them.
I think to find the full potential of humanity, we need to celebrate the heartbreaking strengths and wonderful shortcomings that we all have.
Lately, strange coincidences have occurred to me, and I've accepted countless invitations to talk about the distribution of cheetah vines all over the world.
When the car stopped, the boy suddenly jumped 30 meters into vertical air and disappeared.
A typical view is that if you see or hear things, you're going crazy, but psychotic hallucinations are completely different.
Fourteen hours of prosthetic surgery to transform myself into a creature with braided paws, claws and a tail that rocked around like a puck.
The only purpose these legs can have, separated from the frame of the film, is to stimulate the senses and awaken the imagination.
I had magnesium feet woven out of carbon fiber, shaped on the back of a cheetah, which you may have seen onstage last night.
So we made feet that people gently called glass codes, although they are actually a transparent polyurethane called bowling ball material.
And that's when I knew that my relationship with society has been profoundly changed in this last decade.
But there were times when he didn't know for sure if it was a delusion or not because the hallucinations were a match to the event.
But only about one percent admit them because they're afraid they're going to turn into perverted lunatics or something.
So I made a deal with the adults that the kids could come in without the adults for two minutes by themselves.
We know our own imaginations, our inner landscapes, and we've lived with them all our lives.
I'm here to talk about hallucinations, especially a certain visual hallucination that my patients are displaying.
But it's completely silent, like a silent movie.
Human beings may not only have the cells
I mean, not all of them, and not all those who send me hate mail, but you'd be surprised.
At this point, I began to move away from the need to repeat the human factor as the only aesthetic object.
The second time walking the streets of Paris, he saw a beheading.
At home, he saw a six-foot tall beheading model on his desk in his office.
The second pair of feet we worked with were these... they look like jellyfish feet, including polyurethane.
There's a form of visual hallucination that can be linked to blurred vision or blindness.
He turned around, divided himself into six identical, striped figures that began walking towards him.
Today, we know that there are hundreds of other kinds of cells that can be extremely specialized.
Then one eight-year-old son of a bitch said, "Hey, why wouldn't you want to fly too?"
One day, he saw a man in a bathrobe in a pipe, and he realized it represented him.
One of my other patients, who also had vision left, may have been disturbing.
There are other parts of the brain that particularly participate in identifying buildings and landscapes and hallucinating.
Only at higher levels do the other senses enter, creating connections with memory and emotion.
The conversation usually went something like this.
And a girl who's known me for years in my normal height, 5'4".
In fact, it's been discovered that the different visual areas of the brain get activated during the experience of hallucinations.
Around 1988, it was discovered that not only certain parts of the brain, but certain cells too.
Because you can't get anyone to agree with you if they don't listen to you first.
For example, if we put the mountain and the fire together, we get a mountain, a volcano.
He was a reporter for a magazine called an ID, and he did a cover story on me.
People came to me after the conference, after my speech, men and women.
The second character was half woman, half cheetah - a small tribute to my life as an athlete.
He had lived for 95 years and had never hallucinated before.
Very often these hallucinations pop up and go away in a heartbeat.
Kermit the Frog means nothing to me.
When you make pictures, the upper part of the visual cortex of the temporal lobe comes into play.
It's activated when people recognize, draw or hallucinate comic books.
So we can stop labeling shape, action and aesthetics and classifying them in different ways.
A few months ago, I got a call from the nursing home where I work.
Not a man, not an animal, they all seemed meaningless to him.
And then I said to him, "Ich gracias, si, si, I think I know what's wrong with you."
Grandfather Charles Lullin saw hundreds of different characters and all kinds of landscapes.
One day he said he saw a man in a striped shirt at a restaurant.
The psychotic hallucinations that you see or hear really speak to you, and they blame you.
Now, 250 years later, we're starting to get a little insight into the event.
They don't bother me any more than they bother my tinnitus, which I ignore.
What have I learned from being on the receiving end of all this ugliness?
Which, by the way, if you were paying attention, was not emotionally correct.
That's why I was there in the first place. I wanted to invite them to watch and get to know each other.
And interesting, from an identity standpoint, what does it mean to be retarded?
I mean, Pamela Anderson has more protein in her body than I do.
I have them here on stage, wine glasses, magnolias, knock me out.
I was asked if I could come and see old Mrs. Rosalie.
As for the original description of the disease in the 18th century, Charles Wernert didn't see things himself.
The images were translucent, and, like a screen, covered half the field of vision.
The first descriptions thought that they could be interpreted like dreams.
I'm not a parking attendant. I'm not an undertaker.
I began to wonder how a new, fast way to learn Chinese might be useful.
The symbol of the door looks like a saloon door in the Wild West.
Now he picks up the pen with his thumb and forefinger.
And secondly, is it possible, or at least meaningful, to slow down?
The TED was literally a launch pad for the next decade of my life.
It's not fair that you can change your height any way you want.
He said he didn't recognize a single person or place in his delusions.
She was a smart old woman, perfectly healthy in her mind, no medical problems.
Your brain is perfectly fine, and your mind is perfectly healthy.
About ten percent of the visually impaired are hallucinating.
The face, sometimes a disgusting face, is the most common single sight in these delusions.
In particular, one area of the temporal lobe known as gyrus fusiformis.
There's another part of the brain that activates, especially when you see comic books.
Charles Bonnet Syndrome doesn't get to those higher levels.
It's only when you're blind or blind that the chain breaks.
Sometimes I find them interesting, and I have a lot of pictures of them in my notebooks.
In fact, the better I do my job, the more people hate me.
I don't care if you call me a bat.
Today I'm gonna start it at eight to show you how it works.
Put a plank inside the door, deadbolt.
Using this method, the first eight radicals have allowed us to create 32 characters.
He says to me: In 1963, in 1963, we've worked all over the country.
We said we'd build a device that would do what he wanted.
For some reason, there's no degree, no basics.
My motto was to say -
It's supposed to be The Incredible Family.
It's poetry that lifts the jackal and the neglected object into the realm of art.
We see with our eyes, but we also see with our brains.
But in the last few days, he'd seen things.
I see a lot of kids walking up and down the stairs.
I'm meeting with a number of old people whose hearing or vision is impaired.
In 1781, he described to his granddaughter different things he saw.
Sometimes he'd see a teenage boy sitting on the hood.
If they admit their problems to their doctors, they can be misdiagnosed.
This is not the nature of being spoken to in Charles Bonnet's hallucinations at all.
When people have simple chronic hallucinations, the primary visual cortex is activated.
You speak of such matters showing great understanding and empathy for your patients.
One of my eyes is blind and the other one's not exactly sharp.
Don't they worry you?
I learned new signs every day for 15 years.
One tree is a tree, and two trees form a small forest.
The sign on the left is two mountains on top of each other.
But I don't think it's surprising.
And I think that a psychological thing like this creates an equation.
And if it's not shameful enough, I got a ticket in Italy.
It's marvelous.
Or simply spend time slowing down and enjoying life.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
We see this kind of inside and outside psychology all the time.
Some of you saw me at the TED 11 years ago.
Lucky for me, a lot of people answered the call.
But, of course, people have hallucinations, hallucinations are completely different.
I see a white building, it's snowing soft.
The boy was very persistent and moved quite smoothly when the car turned.
Suddenly you see a face, suddenly you see a car.
Thank you very much.
And that means people don't like us, right?
She was sitting at a table with seven or eight friends.
When you take the load off, it becomes more manageable again.
We went on a date, now speed dating.
So sex is on the clock now.
One is that speed is fun and sexy.
Most of this has been subjected to racial research.
Some cards were held by white hands, others were held by dark hands.
We're thinking of creating something completely new. Something that affects your mobility.
But nothing has been invented to make me walk until now.
And other things I don't know.
The legs I showed at the time were groundbreaking prosthetics.
The technogalla no longer describes the need to make up for those losses.
It feels like they're coming from the outside.
I see a harnessed horse dragging the snow away.
About ten percent of the visually impaired have visual hallucinations.
You don't have to be completely blind to see. You don't have to be blind enough to see.
First he told me he saw a handkerchief in the air.
And then these six figures came together again, like a accordion.
This part of the brain detects boundaries and patterns.
I just want to summarize and tell you that this is common.
As a reminder, it's D-Y-K-E.
In other words, we may be politically correct but emotionally wrong.
Sean Hannity is one of the nicest men I've ever met.
I get a lot of really nice letters.
They're all the building blocks, which make a lot of other markings.
Put the glow of the sun and the moon together, and we'll have clarity.
This person sneaks through the door, escapes, moves away.
Three women, be careful. The result is infidelity.
The mouth that tells us where to go out is the way out.
It's supposed to be Inspector Mirov!
Today I'm 6'4".
But the teeth on the other side of his mouth are huge.
He wondered if he was going crazy or losing his mind.
About ten percent of the hearing impaired have musical hallucinations.
Now I must have said everything I wanted to say.
Do you yourself have any experience with the syndromes you write about?
Since then, I've been thrilled by this wonderful language.
Open your mouth as big as you can until it's square.
He's a prisoner, like Jonah inside a whale.
If you put a hook under a tree, you've got a foundation.
If you light a fire under these two trees, it's on fire.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The next eight-digit group creates another 32 characters.
Once we've learned the signs, we'll start creating phrases.
Look at the way their fingers grab you.
We advertised a drive-by.
It's a limited resources, it wears out all the time.
Well... we're hurrying, aren't we?
I was on my way... well... the pun is meaningless.
But why is it so hard to slow down?
Convictions like this are usually precise.
We see it in the political strife between different ideological groups.
It could be China or India or some African country.
It's estimated that 1.8 million people in wheelchairs in the world.
So, scientists and engineers, please, talk to us nerdy.
So when you describe your science, be careful how you describe it.
These are actually soy fields.
These are some startling things we found.
They don't talk about it much.
How do you feed a growing population without destroying our planet?
We're 55 miles of water every year to grow food.
Which is enough to fill seven thousand empire state buildings every day.
On behalf of commercial farming, environmentalism and organic production...
And like Hitler, Göring thought of himself as a collector of art.
Goering was a horrible man by all accounts.
And also these very real-looking painted vaginas.
No medication that could cause hallucinations.
I've been there.
A big blue handkerchief with four orange circles on it.
Many of them were linked to the car.
My other patient had a different type of hallucination.
Hear the traffic, your senses sensitive.
Pictures aren't formed in the primary visual cortex.
- The cells were discovered in 1994. 1868.
You can't move forward if you think of them as dreams.
Oliver Sacks. 149idad. 171lex.
Yes, very much so.
This was an absolutely fascinating speech.
When I do my job, people hate me.
Are you friendly or are you just naive?
Three fires means a lot of flames.
The sun is our lucky sign.
The sun rises above the horizon... the sun comes up.
We know Japan is the land of the rising sun.
So the sun and the origin, we get Japan.
These boys have an attitude you can't even imagine.
I thought long and hard.
First of all, how did we get so fast?
It runs in huge, leisurely cycles.
My natural state is no longer a rush-holic.
Thank you.
This is traditionally the most respectable form of happiness.
Occupational language stands in the way of understanding your ideas.
You can communicate your science clearly without losing your mind.
When presenting your work, leave out the bullet points.
Instead, they want to feed them more plant protein.
This map represents the world's agricultural areas.
It chews 20 million square miles of land.
We're already using everything on our planet's soil.
There definitely wasn't a Sierra Club in the Soviet Union.
environment stresses much of the atmosphere.
What must a beautiful woman look like?
Nobody knew— everybody thought they were wooden boots.
It's not a conversation about overcoming shrinkage anymore.
Seeing with the brain is often referred to as imagination.
They don't feel like our own creations.
They don't seem to be under our control.
They come to a certain point and stop.
And he didn't know what was happening.
My grandfather was a justice of the peace, an older man.
Then he saw a big ring in the air.
They're pretty fast, and they change quickly.
Things can be very complicated.
He used to see comic books first and foremost.
In particular, he saw comic books about Kermit the Thunder.
I started thinking about Freudian solutions.
What's happening to these people?
It's a particular Tuesday night in 1985.
This specialty is very interesting.
I happened to see an Aston Martin this morning.
Actually, my eyesight is a little compromised.
I'm a homosexual commentator for Fox News.
First of all, suppose you spell it right.
Or do you really want to hurt me personally?
There's a thousand to read.
Putting your mouth inside the door, asking questions.
Man after Japan, what do we get?
Losing one arm?
I was thinking about those boys with no hands.
There's something interesting about our society and our culture.
And don't destroy what you've made very clear.
We have a limited amount of time, so what do we do?
Even if sometimes they do nothing.
We're very good at this sort of thing.
One of the dolls may have liked green beans.
It's the night you don't sleep when you think about it.
We tie ourselves up in other ways.
One percent of the population.
He took the last spark of hope from inside of me.
How are they different from the rest of us?
It doesn't smile all the time.
Now you can open your eyes.
I learned this firsthand on my next adventure.
Here's an enlargement.
A man who turns to me and smiles.
Then one night, the view changes.
I see cats and dogs patting me down.
I told the nurses.
Normally, they don't fade or be heightened with time.
The reconstruction of eyesight is sometimes referred to as spectronopia.
Second most common are comic books.
Kermit means nothing to me.
They don't bother you?
Here's a human walking.
The three trees form a larger forest.
If there are two fires, it's very hot.
There's a woman on the left.
Two women, we'll have a debate.
We've been through about 30 signs.
Today, deportation has turned into attrition.
We showed it to a few of the boys.
It's 14 degrees of freedom.
Every keystroke magnifies the text.
I had two questions.
Whereas in the Western world, time is linear.
You either use it or you lose it.
We want to get back to a slower rhythm.
Will the powers that be make good decisions for me?
You gotta move in their rhythm.
Smith wants to know how you're reacting.
It just means so much, Smith says.
At Berkeley Bionics, we call these robots exoskeletons.
This isn't just wishful thinking.
Amanda's wearing our EPRAS gear.
In fact, people are totally dependent on it.
We'd need nutrients and water.
Now there are nearly seven billion people.
It's almost the size of South America.
Today, the currents of many great rivers have diminished.
And I thought it was funny.
I work terrible hours in retirement homes.
He knew it was a hallucination.
No tissues hanging in the air.
It was the only character he recognized.
He had very mobile hallucinations.
They seduce.
Standing on a certain street corner.
Waiting for his girlfriend.
Charles Bonnet hallucinations are completely different.
Now it's around here somewhere.
Think of all the blind people.
Thank you. Thank you.
It's almost exactly like that.
The hate mail I receive is incredible.
I'll give you an example.
The political persuasion begins by being emotionally correct.
I'm not saying it's easy.
A Chinese scholar understands about 20,000 characters.
The space bar checks the page down.
I went through these very quickly.
In some cultures, time is cyclical.
It's mostly renewable and repetitive.
One of you may deny this.
The Taj Mahal was born in Poland in 1917.
At a conservative estimate.
Thank you.
So that's the other way, the first is positive feelings.
The striving for meaning is the most powerful.
Lake Aral is probably the worst.
This is a massive environmental disaster.
More than all the traffic.
More than all electricity.
One that's worthy of global warming.
That's almost the population of Germany.
But that's not the only problem.
The total farming industry is 16 million square miles.
It's not 30 million square miles!
Where do we go from here?
Someone who could be super-potent.
It's a conversation about adding.
It's a conversation about potential.
I went to see him.
He knew it was an illusion.
Totally out of his control.
I've examined him thoroughly.
You have Charles Bonnet's Syndrome.
That's when you start to see things.
What's happening?
I had to take it with me.
Suddenly this.
I'm having chronic hallucinations.
Thank you very much.
And you can't have sex...
And that's only part of the show.
I call these eight figures radicals.
Three suns, lac.
Knock, knock.
And it can't be done.
You can write on it, it works in all the shows.
I think there are several reasons.
Can you guess what this is?
Let it say that.
Let me get this straight.
Do you see the dug-in canal?
It's the size of Africa.
Everyone must sit down at the table.
One of the answers was George Clooney.
They just don't like them.
She feels sorry for him.
The first shock hurts like hell.
That's when I got anxious.
Depression is defective love.
My son had a father.
It's a great city.
It started an incredible journey.
What kind of body is sexy?
His grandfather listened to the hallucinations.
He had a cataract surgery.
The vision was weak.
So I'm on TV.
I care about two things.
You might be surprised.
So here's something you didn't expect:
Two suns, lucky.
A whole hand, amputated from the shoulder.
We put it together.
He's gonna scratch his nose.
We could be wrong.
And then, ultimately, you can go wrong.
There are many ways.
This is Harriet Beecher Stowe.
So that's reality.
We really needed the money.
Imagine this took place on Lake Superior.
Or Lake Huro.
It's an extraordinary change.
Let's start with this.
You can walk there now.
What's more important is the diet change.
The plants need water and nutrients.
No one calls him a retard.
And then there'll be a change.
But he was blind.
Freaked her out.
They make fun of me.
You interact with them.
You can smell the roast chestnut.
But only that.
Sir, negatives are really nice.
It's an emotional correctness.
The result is a mouth.
This is a tree.
This is a mountain.
It weighs 3.1 kilograms.
That's great.
Double the word, look at 200.
The Taj Mahal denied it.
We've been limiting ourselves.
A maggot's mouth.
That's weird.
The climate conditions have changed.
Some are parched to the bone.
What is it?
This is Kjell Goring.
Why does it matter?
Why don't you eat this?
The pain will diminish.
But we need more ideas.
But the truth lies.
It's important to get crazy too.
Thank you very much.
Ready?
Japanese.
They're got sensors.
AB: thank you.
We must work together.
Take food, for example.
Let's just think about sex.
It's poetry.
Thank you.
Including animals.
Why Kermit?
Thank you.
The sun.
Interesting.
It's heavy!
