"A new city like恋, ancient city like Rome, the Sahan-Did's 21st-century museum, and here in New York, it was a great influence by the development of the Highline."
"And behind the windows and doors, little children looking at me, while the town is full of people, the real surprise is all the buildings are full of children."
"Over the years, the people of the Saverin settled in some temporary villages in the eastern corner of the Shore, where they lived, in the early '90s, to avoid local self-destruction."
I'm really impressed by the fact that these places that I've referred to today are not normal and have proven that people are capable of adapting to any environment.
"When he was involved in the Oslo process, former Prime Minister was saying that peace is not for friends, but for enemies it is for enemies."
It's been 60 years now that people use the city in a whole other way than the original purpose.
It's one of the reasons that they represented the victims of these weapons.
"through my careers, I was fortunate to be able to record the work of the wealthy architects around the world, to observe how their work affects the city."
"If we move to democracy and serve a small part of a normal civilized relationship between the two nations, what happens if we can't prove that there's a profit?"
"Lastly, I quote the founder of a Shoreファ trust fund based on Newfoundland, based on a source of inspiration, called Jeta Cobb."
"When I first visited India, there was no water in the ground, no electricity, and yet this is an actual view all over the world."
"What's the right to be a diplomatic group with extensive power in the area, if we can't understand them, then what's the right to be a diplomatic to create a problem solved?"
"In the project we're running, we're all working with local corporations and merchants to keep the space, to move the furniture on the streets, to take care of the plants."
It's a well-known photograph that many say was taken in the midst of the near-death war in Paris and the middle of the Vietnam War.
"If we don't negotiate with the group that represents democracy while we talk about democracy, it's a double stand."
"In the next few years, I've been tracking the construction site of the Chinese Central Command Center building, theヘルtook building and the Olympic stadium in Hong Kong."
"If we can't take people and citizens as part of the problem, we won't be able to solve change through negotiations."
"With the years of construction, the workmen's camps are still in the middle of nowhere, as opposed to the sophisticated buildings they're building."
They try to make their space as clean and comfortable as they can in the environment they're given.
Each of these towers is a live city where the micro- and small business are busy.
"Anyone who moves into the tower already has a roof, so they can separate the place they want to live from the curtains and the sheets."
The first reason I visited the town was because of a project my friend Kure Addiミ started to build a third- stories watershed for the children of the city.
"In such a gathering, there's a lot of dirt in the house as a prop for displaying an interesting combination of new builds."
The anti-matter treaty and thespicion of never being involved in a civilian bombing could have been avoided if it hadn't been transferred from its usual diplomatic policy.
"These people literally build their own houses, and this love-込ced effort will be the pride of many families living in this tower."
"There's a gym on the 30th floor, and we're using a elevator runway that we couldn't have rigged."
"But there's a newlywed couple living in a room across from this cow shed, one of the finest apartments in the area, according to the locals."
"If we don't improve our communication skills, we won't be able to create a bigger ""we"" and face our problems."
"Within the tower, you can see all sorts of customers, like hair shops, small factories, and small grocery stores on every floor."
"It's my favorite job at the Gates foundation, and I actually go there pretty often."
"It's the same thing that we want our children to do, to grow, to succeed, to have a healthy, happy life."
"These things have a great impact in countries like Etruscan, because of this, the death rate of Etruscan children dropped from 25 to 25 per cent over the last two decades."
"And you don't have to imagine what makes people happy, like going to Latin America where you understand happiness has something to do with your family's life."
"There are over a billion people living there, but there are 30,000 local doctors reporting paralysis, and there's a massive reporting system from clinics and hospitals."
What's important is that this will be perhaps the first speeding revolution in the history of the Arab world.
"In the future, we will have to look at these examples of success, not the kind of diplomatic policy that people and citizens stopped."
I've spoken to local architects and think tanks about this 45-foot office building in the center ofを取りcas.
"Now, Africa is a community called Macoco, which is a slum of 150,000 people living on the waters of Rago-Ram."
"Because these special spaces are created by people who live, work and play, this area was designed to be instinctive enough to live its environment."
She said that the disease of unity is depriving me of the joy of living.
They say the electrical wires are used instead of the electrical wires.
"There's far too much information about this matter, and I can offer it to you in many ways."
"And as such, if we don't respect the rights of many factions, how can we tell the Muslims that we should respect their rights?"
"Eight years ago, people were moving in these abandoned buildings, and they started building houses right between the pillars of these old buildings."
"While living in this unfinished tower, the people of this house have come together to come up with many kinds of solution."
But I've noticed that Coke is something that the locals are buying and selling in places where Coke can't be reached.
"The doctors took a flight sample on August 14th and 15th, confirmed it's a single polyo on August 25th."
And there was a revolution in the 20th century. This revolution happened at the beginning of the 20th century.
"Meanwhile, we physicists have spent a lot of time understanding and developing the theory of quantum and relativeity."
"This is a Brooklyn bed-stay, which reveals that there was a short path for a car that I didn't really need."
"We've been applying this procedure to buses in New York City, the biggest bus track in North America, but the slowest."
"I can only see the surface on the screen, but the ice is probably hundreds of kilometers thick."
"Tonight, I'm going to talk to you about one of my most enthusiastic思い出s of the show and the robotics."
"In this area, famous for its soft, multi汚se soil, until recently, there were about 40 million people living in their homes."
A place like Tore De Davi is particularly remarkable because these boneless structures provide the foundation of people's creative power.
And it's amazing what we have in common in such a large part of the country.
"First, I'll explain and understand why it's not good to pee outside the village."
"I mean, if you start to understand what people really want with medicine and development help, then you can change the community and change the whole country."
"Near the border, just north ofベルcan, or just south of Vulcan."
I can compare it to the time and air time it would take to cross the continent using railroads and airplanes.
"One's view of time and space, the other's view of the other's."
"And if you push further, it would be natural to think that all the elements of相対ism are connected to each other."
"The streets are one of the most precious assets in the city, but most of them are hidden in the streets of the city."
The price of science is a purple or yellow circle on the left of one of them.
The Red Cross reminds me that they're talking to everyone because they're in aどちらrred position.
People ride a long wooden canoe from the main deck to move into a vast area of their homes and stores.
The increase in the nigerians in area like Macoco is just another sign of things getting out of hand.
"You know, during the day, we get to party small, like an engagement party on the streets."
"It's something that makes people like Coke, if they understand it, use it in society."
The reason these small businessmen are able to make a profit by selling Coke Coke is because they sell every last bottle of coke in the stands and the packages.
"Let's hear this song that Coke Coke made for that campaign called ""The Wavinフラgg."
"But when you want to move about four blocks across the city, a car is not fun, not efficient, not productive."
Which means we're going to have 200 pounds of power and a couple hundred and eighty-eight pounds of heat.
"Meanwhile, as a community, we managed to come to a conclusion that everyone agrees with."
"And to share this fact and come to a conclusion, I think joining the process and the community could teach you a lot about democracy."
And now what we're about to reveal is the idea that the universe is made up of relationship.
"When we found out that none of our past attempts were effective, we thought of another bigger approach to the streets."
"I'm not just doing years of research and computer models waiting for something to start, but I've been doing it."
"We've been applying this fast-acting approach to the bicycle program, which has been one of New York's most common routes in six years."
"What's amazing is that wherever there is liquid water on Earth, life is everywhere."
"It moves to nearby orbits, and when it returns to its original orbits, it casts a light of a different color."
"A part of it, which contains billions of suns, glowing like the center of the galaxy."
"Even if you let me go, there's gonna be a guy with a spoon."
"Let me show you, Americans have ten to 40 times higher amounts of arsenic in their bodies than others."
"He used the political process as a strategy for the weak, not as a strategy for the strong."
"He saw people gathering to meet through the process of truth and settlement, solving some very difficult problems, communicating with each other."
"All of our financial operations have been adapted to life on the water, so fishing and boat building are a common profession."
"150,000 children die of diarrhea every year, most of them because of the outside air flights."
"It's the same as a walker to use it, but it's also the ability to cozy up with other walkers."
"And then he came back and said, ""You made me what I wanted."
What I've learned here is that you can either build a public space or that you don't have to be the only one.
"So I went to the home center, and I bought hundreds of lone chairs, and I put a lone chair on the street."
The bicycle lanes that we built are about 50 kilometers long and we can see them all over the United States now.
"On the good side, at least we won't have to burn our seals for a while."
That's why I'm going to go to the beach to see if there's any way to get a needle in the water.
"Even if it's not a short time, I'm pretty sure that I've been in there before."
"From the point of view of toxicology, this is a terrible thing because the mixture of collected oil makes it more toxic than alone."
"We discovered that the collector found a high enough amount of hial to cause cancer, and that hial contained more than enough heavy metals, such as arsenic or chromes."
"It's one of the problems, but it's much older than what was left of it."
I'd like to explain how you look at the X-rays here.
We have a unit that's carrying video games or a 12-pack of cell phone chargers.
"We've been calling them ""the group,"" which represent each of our society, our religion, the economy, the economy, the military, and other interested parties."
"When I first visited Afghanistan, as a foreign minister, I had a meeting with the Commander of the International Security Forces."
"But when the Egyptians came to the city to pay their regards to the revolution of democracy, we realized we didn't know much."
"I'm going to need a lot of training, a lot of communication, and a lot of practice."
"In history, we've never had so many ways to communicate that we could use them to connect."
"Now, I've given you a lot of reasons, and for all of these reasons, we should have a conversation right now."
"In these large Chinese construction sites, the workmen will create temporary places to stay during the period of construction."
This building was being built until the collapse of theとりmany's economy in the early '90s.
"There's only one small entrance to this building, and 3,000 people come in and out through a single door."
"A lot of people are serious about their homes and their furniture, and they're willing to work and pay attention to every detail."
"But it's also seen everywhere, and it's very shocking for the scope and scope of it."
"Coke Cora's profits are very clear and should be reported to the shareholders, we must make a profit."
"I've attended such conferences many times, but the data is far too late to use it."
"But in the process, more people were born, more people settled into the city."
"I don't want to lose my plane, my helicopter, my照."
What would happen if we could give the city walker the same benefit of traveling between cities?
"One of them is going to be an amusement ride, but I'm not going to spend any time on an amusement ride."
It was Segway. It's a Starling engine. It's confused with some of our other activities.
"And at the end of the 17th century, Newton will make a revolution to the idea of space, time and motion, and at the same time,"
"It's not easy to communicate between individually, grouply, and even between governments, but it's absolutely necessary."
"I know that from my personal experience, sometimes it's easier for you to just sit down, and sometimes you have to fight."
"The landlords are working together to create a space for each of them, a cozy home instead of an unfinished one."
"When we get to the water, we'll see that their lives are completely adapted to this particular style of life."
"We've got all the hospitals in the country, like Macoco, Tore De Davi, and Zabi's."
"The important thing about Coke Coke is that if we can analyze and learn this, we can save people's lives."
"It's like there's a division of market analysis, just like any other consumption manufacturer."
"In just five years, 30,000 medical staff has become one of 30,000."
"And if we can, we can stop theポリo vaccine in every country in the world."
But the center of this idea is a new solution to a traffic problem.
"I don't know who's impressed with what's going on, but I think we all believe that cars changed the world."
People are using between 90 and 90 percent of their energy on foot.
"I felt this might be acceptable, the most exciting thing that happened here in California."
"We can change the use of this planet's energy, make it even more interesting."
(Laughs) You should be interested in how they were made.
"Because we have no choice but to embedded someone outside of the universe, just like Aリスト Teller and Newton."
"I'm sorry, but Darwin has offered a process of self-destruction enough to explain everything we're seeing."
"I can't explain the idea of Darwin's idea of not only the space theory of Aリスト Teller, but also the space theory of Newton."
So I've tried to change the balance of our new approach to the Times Square.
"350,000 people a day pass the Times Square, and the effort has been made to improve it."
"With these little blue keys, you'll be able to access the city's latest traffic."
I'm going to persuade you in 15 minutes how irrational that is.
"The big white sphere that you see on the left is Earth, but the back of the photograph is Earth."
It's a beautiful image.
"And while not a lot of people have been touched, the Apollo program's been a big help to the economy."
"As you all know, until recently, there was hardly a response to actually collecting oil."
It's an honor to have you sing here.
"When the pressure rises, they're already in contact, and it's a force in dealing with a number of problems."
"And then, using what we picked up, walls will be made and space for all kinds of things."
"The canoe becomes a grocery store, and women sell everything from tooth to fruit from house to house."
"They were carrying generators in the canoes, moving on a big canoe, enjoying the people of the community."
We're talking about how to get a community medical worker to come up with their ideas.
"I'd like to talk to you about an 18 month boy named Shran who lives in the state of Netherland, northern India."
"On August 8th this year, Shriran was accused of paralysis and was taken by his parents on the 13th."
"One of our tasks onポリo is still the same, but it may not be what you think it is."
"I mean, we've come to a certain point in the world to achieve this goal, but we're running out of funds."
It's believed that four or six billion people in the next 15 years will be moving to the city alone.
"In China, by the time we're looking at it, we're talking about 40 million people using their bicycles, and 12 million people using their cars."
I can really talk about this technology as much as you like.
"If it's only three times faster than walking, it's only three times faster."
And what's more interesting is that the laws of thermal theory don't allow us to have an effect of more than 20 %.
So the theories of biology based on natural choices requires that biological systems' services have aリア.
"It's spreading in the field of social sciences, human sciences, economic sciences."
"The street roads are quick, cheap, and can be rebuilt, and will soon be profitable and become a popular spot."
"The important thing about this project is that it's temporary, because I can show you how it works."
"Actually, it's just like the green water balls we put on the road in Los Angeles."
"There are many forms, young, old, black, white, female, children, all of them being taken advantage of."
What's the cost of science for the British government?
"There are stars around us, big gas stars."
I'm sure they'll hear you say that you know all about space.
"But I thought, even if there was a fire, maybe I wouldn't be able to finish it."
"I put my hand in my pocket and I say, ""Let's go buy something."
"I've been searching for a book that contains that number, but I haven't found it."
There's an hourly price of $8 to $10.
"There are 75 percent of drivers with one passenger, and 12 percent are in the air when it comes time."
"Like this, the price is greatly affecting decision making, and as a result, we stop driving."
The traffic課s system is a test of the technology that supports the road課s system and the minds of people against it.
"The information, the access to the information should be free, and it should be charged for the extraction of CO2."
"But the situation has changed, and so have the new central figures."
"The last ten years have been a lot of fruit, and one that's been donating to it."
I'm sure you'll have to understand that technology and modernization are shifting society from people to people.
It's just that I haven't used it in ten years because I'm afraid of it.
"It's a 45-foot building without elevators, without a knowledge of building or design."
It's tradition here that the bride and groom will keep all of her belongings with the man.
"Despite the limited space and money in this area, the houses in this area are meticulously designed andをかけted."
So what's the secret to having a Coke Coke?
Let's talk about what happens when all of this is done together and what happens when all three of these things are brought together.
"I've been looking back in the years, and I've seen about 350,000ポリo patients all over the world."
"When I installed this technology on the wheelchairs for the poor, the technology was at the core."
"We've solved all the problems with traffic, changed the world, and now we're in this world."
"150 years ago, steam trains became more efficient, and the continent turned into a nation."
But the fact remains that the last one mile remains a problem is that half the population now lives in a rich city.
It's not rational to clean water with this energy in this country.
And don't make a woman wait four hours to find water or watch a child die.
"In addition, Einstein taught me that gravity exists because everything in the world has aリア."
"They shut down everything from 42nd and 47th and created about 10,000-square feet of walking heavens."
"I mean, it could be the home of life in the solar system."
"It's a true photograph of the ice rising, breathtaking beauty."
"In the show we created, we continue to stress the laws of physics."
Maybe there's nothing more than a picture of this little world that can teach you how to be proud of your foolishness.
"Um, the doctor said, ""There's bad news and bad news."
How many cops are in this cab?
"She's our first patient, and she just came out of the care room."
"There's no difference in price, size and使いncy between what's on the market."
Anyone who knows Maryland knows that this was taken at the home of this possum man.
"The human brain is quite a surprise, yes, but it's not special about the nervous numbers."
Strange things happen when a particular atom gets cold enough.
Imagine when a politician explains why they should use dancing to invade a foreign country and why they should tax the investment banks.
"If we don't cut CO2 emissions by 8 or 15 years, we won't be able to avoid a destructive effect."
What's the destructive effect?
"If you look up in the night sky, you can see a lot of stars."
"Now, the quickest way to look through Einstein's generality theory is to find out what it is."
My challenge is to define what peace actually means.
They need a coordinated process of people who are capable of dealing with their own problems.
"You've been thinking, but you know, he didn't."
"We also have to work beyond the boundaries of our already owned diplomatic policy, as well as our deadly threat to our modern world."
"What is it that makes people trust each other, not only in this country?"
"But if you look closely, you'll see that there's a hole in the area where the elevator is supposed to be."
I happened to meet a band of guys in T-shirt this evening.
The walls have been painted in marble.
"Today, we're going to see a large-scale apartment development project that provide a lot of people with a lot of money."
Every grown man and child on Earth drinks a Coke every week.
"When you learn something, it reflects the product or the product."
And I've decided to give a small loan to these local writers in '90.
(Laughs) But what kind of chemicals are you going to need to actually stop the diarrhea?
"Look at this. There are a lot of young people in this room with my husband, Bill."
"On August 30th, the genetic test was conducted to determine the nature of the Sirian pathogen."
"On September 4th, there was a major cleanup effort."
"In less than a month, the discovery of one paralysis turned into a narrowd-down vaccination program."
"For instance, at the time of the U.S., more than 20 percent of the people lived in farms and small towns."
And the entire industry that we've been building is now a billion-dollar business for just the golf carts.
"And this is really interesting, so I'd like you to try it."
"I'm not going to explain everything, not today."
This theory is that matter moves in a locked space-time coordinate.
This kind of thought was the foundation of classic freedom and Newtonian physics.
"It's made up of information coming from a network of all-known watchers who know and create everything, and there is no place for heavenly intelligence."
"I've spoken to a lawyer, and this is also the new foundation of the law, and they've been thinking the same thing."
Its evolution is headed toward the confusing the two great concepts of todayism andリアism.
"And I believe that science will not disappear, and I'm going to end with these words."
"I've been thinking about it a lot, but I don't think there's anything else that's so fast-acting."
One more.
A lot of research has been conducted on the economic effect that Apollo brought.
It turns out $14 was returned to the U.S. economy against every dollar spent on Apollo.
"I'm giving you a transistor, and the way he acts, it's completely quantum."
"There are billions of stars in the galaxy, and they're so bright."
I also want everyone to be more interested in science and technology by creating new technology for art.
It's the first time I've done this in a live feed to the audience.
(Laughs) He came here from England as an anesthesia expert.
"She'd had to perform a heart incision, but I should've given it to her as a child."
"I think this idea is very humble and calm, and it reminds me of a natural human position."
What he was trying so hard to explain was a wonderful experiment in how to lower the temperature of matter with laser light.
He climbed the walls of the containers with a thin cape and went out.
"A lot of people get involved in drugs and whores, which will result in the downturn in the city."
"There are now over 100,000 members ofを引きcar that use 3,000 cars deployed at 3,000 locations."
"The traffic氷 system is being considered in every major city in the world, but it requires a wired technology to get it done."
Let's say I'm the good young man and I'm the good businessman.
What's interesting is that the eyes of those who float in space will always see the Earth.
"If you're in the scene of the Cylon attack on the starship Galactica, ""Don't hide in the black hole!"
(Laughs) And no one can tell you what the light is like out here through these tunnels.
"I imagine the situation where two black holes have spent a long time together, physically, sufficiently possible."
"At the end, they can circle one another at almost the speed of light."
"It's very quiet, but it starts to sway through space, shivering like a drum."
"We need a minimum of police and an army, but we need them for defense."
Dr. Cyrin Everdeen was the first Muslim woman to win theの世界平和 prize.
"They're calling her the woman in the tree, but she's more than that."
"The record company approached me and told me I wanted to make a record in Nashville, prove it."
"Today, this concept, this world, we're very worried about the power of security."
And why have we become a nation of crime and security?
"It protects itself from suspicion or change, frozen and feelless."
"A place where you can't go, where you can't look, a world where you can't live anymore."
One of the great things I've found on my journey is that there's a new type of person.
"I'm proud to tell you this, because six months ago, she was elected deputy mayor of Naはどう."
I've found some pieces of a complex puzzle in the process.
"My father fought in three wars, but he couldn't save his sister from her suffering."
We are Indian women.
She came to my office when no one in the United States knew where Afghanistan was.
I want our leaders to know that we need peace and that we will not rest until we have it.
"They sat on the floor, lined up their arms, just like they're in a video that's now famous."
"Laura later explained to me, ""In West Africa, it's the Tub."
"And then when she broke up with him, she was very unhappy."
I've been wondering if there's anything I can't do to make a man's beard and have a man's beard.
"Well, I'm very happy to say that in this time of year, the word ""movenber"" is seriously spreading around the world."
"But I'm sorry about the whole thing, but when I look at this shelf, it's not "" save"" in my eyes."
"I've been going through these data for three years, but the problem isn't the child."
"That's why we raise children in a time when it's called ""income but emotionally worthless."
We diplomatists are trained to deal with national conflicts and problems.
I'm also trying to reach out to people who are completely different from you.
I think this is a mistake.
"If we talk in the right way, we can clear the difference between talking and agreeing."
The past ten years here have probably been a lost ten years in diplomatic policy.
"When the sun sets, it's pretty dark around here, except for the little light bulbs and the torch lights."
"Each of the apartments is unique, the environment where each home is placed, and it tells the value that each home must cherish."
"So when the sales fall, we can see where the problem lies and what we're dealing with."
"Tens of thousands of children are still alive in the Equestria, thanks to this medical contractor program."
The one important fact that affects Coke Cora's success at the end is that Coke Cora's use among the people.
"The second is to move the road, to run in front of a Greyhound or a car."
"In my opinion, this is happening because of the ethics of the scientists' community."
"In the early space theory, science, as we call it, was the idea of Aリスト Teller, who believed that it was a階tical idea."
John Locke and his associates started a revolution in society.
"space is merely one form of relationship, and what you're referring to as絶対us location doesn't mean anything."
The only thing I've learned from New York in the last six years is that this property can be revised.
"As you can see from this photograph, he's sitting in a fire extinguisher, which doesn't seem to be the city that represents the world."
"I've been trying to change the signal, change the road, even make the Times Square better."
This is what caused the flooring challenge because the furniture that was supposed to be on the streets was not ready yet.
"In the three years that I've been working on this project, I've seen the spike in sales."
"In fact, the rate is almost equal to the U.S., Germany, France."
Our research and development project covers the public expense at approximately 15 percent of the time.
The three-day moon is the encorruption of the British Islands.
It's where the world's greatest developments andないかs tend to take place.
And I can help each and every one of you as coaches for the future of robots.
There's a rather interesting army in Switzerland.
"In fact, when someone turns on a TV, they go to the other room to read."
And there are hundreds of oil dispersals that are also called solvents.
Nalco's doing this behind the scenes.
"The bed didn't work, so I put the chair down, and it's high."
"That's 5,000 out of 2,500. It's just enough to make your brain work."
The important conclusion I'm going to draw from this is that we're not a teeth.
There's no energy to maintain both a large body and a large number of nerds.
It's like the CIA used to do.
"Plus, it's the best choice in terms of having a car."
It's like the car that you thought was impossible.
It's more fun with the neighbors.
The only reason you're so interested in a commuter car is because it's costing you a lot of money.
We're not setting up a tollbooth around London and opening and closing gates.
Have you ever heard of this scene in the movie graduate?
"Yes, sir."
"You're a good young man, and I'm a sexy woman."
The amount of data you send in to the road課s is small.
"If I had a choice, I'd choose an open source network in addition to an open standard."
"The older I get, the less interested I get in a divorce."
It's a thought experiment about objects that can fit in half the size of Manhattan.
"What you're looking at is a black hole that moves around each other, a distortion of space."
"If I could get closer, I'm sure your ears would resonate with the expansion of space."
That's the sound of a lighter black hole closing in and out of space.
This little vibration is a distinctive sound when a black hole blends in.
"When you really could see the big bang, that sound would be like this."
She said something that she had in common with the language of Darylama.
Myred in the center and Betty on the right are bringing peace to Northern Ireland.
"Cokeコーa's campaign is called Open Happiness, but we're trying to get to know the community."
But a lot of people won't even think about what kind of situation this technology was exposed to.
Or skiing. It's just fun. People like to move around as listeners.
This is technically a vehicle with a motor and a wheel.
I brought this in to Grand Zero and moved it to an hour and a half of the walkers.
I'm not driving anymore.
This is what a democracy should do.
We've created a square for more than 50 walkers in the five major districts of New York City.
"And this is what I've been seeing in my life since I built a bicycle lane that lasts about 1,500 miles."
"In fact, with such a high amount of support, the politicians will be happy."
"In New York, there are an average of 35,000 bicycles per day."
The bikes you see on the road are changing.
"Actually, it's a drawing I borrowed from the Guardian."
I'm trying to make technology out of art.
In her head is a database of jokes.
What do you want me to do?
"A man returns to the phone saying, ""So, what now?"
What I've seen so deep in the ocean was just a net of death.
"It's a series of compounds that say ""conductor."
I've been on three tours with this team.
"People still believe in voodoo, heart disease, limb failure, and other symptoms."
An adult needs the same surgery. I've succeeded and I'm still doing it.
We need your help. We all need your help.
"It seems to be able to not only move your body with that extraシェpe, but also be more interesting."
There's a problem with the fact that all brains are made the same way.
There may actually be a difference in the number of renters in the brain at the exact same size.
We might be able to save our money by eliminating the art funds.
"I'm going to use it to explain all the troubled problems of the dance floor, not the doctorate."
"But by then, financial trouble will be in the past."
"That's why I could travel between 12,000 miles per year and 500 miles per year."
We're going to need a lot of無線 technology to make this happen.
"We may have been paralyzed, but if we set the proper price, we could make a difference."
"What happens if the cost is almost zero, wherever you send it from."
"If one of them were to climb into the river of heaven, it would look like this."
"And in the end, I hear the sound of the small one being swallowed by the bigger one."
"A friend of ours's made this combo, it shows how he saw the Big bang from the outside."
"On that planet, we're so obsessed with making these observes, calculating and writing computer codes."
"Do you think there's a lot of life somewhere in the universe, thinking about us, thinking about their own ocean?"
"When I see rainbows and birds, all I can think of is the warmth of my mind."
"As you know, she's a hero to Burma's democracy."
He's already campaigning with his followers to rebuild the country.
Some of the campaign's been busy.
It could have been changed by the way they all worked.
"One night, I sat in the hallway, and a couple of girls approached and said,"
The first one was in English and the second one was written in Chinese.
I wanted to stay in the light of her eyes.
"Everybody gets sick, sick, dead, and time doesn't stop."
I loved the story of another world next to reality.
They've brought with them the freedom and willingness that is the foundation of my thinking new paradise.
"But because it's hot, they're taking a break, and they're putting it in their mouths."
Do you know how you make a pineapple?
"According to Marks, women change, but not the way they think they are."
They must overcome the tradition of oppression and find new hope.
"Even in a home that only speaks one language, there's a guide to growing a biologic child."
"You may think it's overreacting, but according to the data, it's not overreacting."
"A child is equal to a stranger."" (Laughs) But here's the point."
"Three years ago, I heard a woman in Texas that really hurt my heart."
"Don't get me wrong, but I think happiness is a wonderful thing to do for a child."
To teach children happiness and confidence is not to teach Hatake how to use it.
It's just using its body's weight and its physical property as a振りge.
This is just one of the many interesting examples of what we can do in the past.
There are a lot of commercial and very good robotics hands.
That's why it's not very practical to use it for the purposes of prosthetics.
It's easy to change the force by changing the air pressure.
"There's actually a fan club here, a仲間 of romantic intelligent robots."
We were the first Americans to take part in this tournament.
"Our lab, RomeLa, is doing an amazing brain-styming session."
"We'll all gather here to discuss our assignments, our social issues, and talk about them."
"I've had a wonderful talk with the TED, Lord Ken Robinson."
I always tell the students to work smart and passionately.
"The most powerful thing that happened to me was when that "" passing person"" was actually my student."
"The second one is charming but humble, which makes her the right type to have a baby of the main male."
The only thing that should be banned is what society would do to a woman.
"And when you talk to your children about sex, you don't want to be the only one who talks about sex."
"By the way, some research has shown that answering riddles is almost as basic for humans as eating and sleeping."
Why don't you grab the next marker and take off the cap and have fun?
"If our work had succeeded, they'd never know we were here."
"Your mother and Teddy, they said they'd die for years."
David wanted to cut into the deepest part of Brad's face to express his years of age.
We had to let Benjamin do everything that can be done.
But this technology wasn't even invented at the time.
This is the data we can get from the model.
"We created a digital doll, and we manipulated Brad into his face."
I can't decide whether that smile means ironic or disappointing.
"The shipyard is full of dangerous poisons, where health and safety are threatened."
And it's occurred to me that we have little idea what's going on here.
"There's still a debate going on. "" Should we talk to the Muslim Brotherhood?"
We're trying to tell the difference between a diplomatic level and a political level.
There are actually a lot of tools in the toolbox that we can use to reinforce our communications.
You just need to improve your skills and the courage to use them.
"I mean, what I'm surprised at is how much they own nothing."
Why can't the government or the C.I.A. do the same?
I'd like to speak to someone who might be bowling in the dark.
"When you throw a ball, a few pins fall."
And it's hard to find a paved road in an African countryside.
And the Equestria government began this new system in its own country in '90.
"Then I'll show you the bathroom, and I'll tell you that it's a modern, state of the art equipment."
ポリo will be the second-worst disease on Earth to be eradicated.
"500 years ago, the ships became operational enough that we discovered a new continent."
"They're important, and they're not living room spirits."
"That's a lot of numbers, but it's between 65,000 to 85,000 per day."
I'd like to proceed with cutting-edge research in a different manner.
"And in the 20th century, we've seen two great themes in the field of science evolved independently."
"For most of the city, the streets were like hibernations for a long time."
The tape cuts are going to take place in December this year to celebrate step one.
"We've taken up about 100,000 square meters of service and turned it into a new walking heaven."
"The casualties of all walkers, bicycles, and car drivers have dropped by 50 percent."
"You used to be a man like the left, a bike messenger like a nigger."
"You know, if you're moving to town, you're walking faster than getting on a bus."
slowly passing over the hundreds of miles of the encorruption.
"This is a photograph of the atom in the atmosphere around the sun, which absorbs light."
"If there's a star that has that much of a heart,"
The first generation of stars didn't have carbon or oxygen.
"This looks like a satellite, but it's a photograph of the earth."
The future star of this robot also has a friend's friend's friend's friend's friend's friend's friend's friend's friend's robotic account.
"If you don't like the story or the character, please put the red one out."
"It's all mixed up in the surface water, and it's finally reaching the ocean where it's being dumped."
"As you know, the reef is home to about a quarter of all wildlife."
We have every right to know the losses we've experienced in the Bay of Mexico.
"My parents were, too, but after the foreign study, I came home."
It's one of the many problems seen all over the country.
The only purpose of this company is to provide what no one else has.
It's got a solar panel. It's powered down from here.
I can charge the main battery.
"This isn't state of the art, but we're using this."
Maybe the big brain doesn't always have a lot of anymores.
I was confused. The light raises the temperature of matter.
"Here's the fascination with science, the fascination with your instincts being betrayed by experiments."
"But if we cut public funds for art, we'll have a problem."
And I won't pay you anything for time you don't use.
"If you're surfing, you can ride a big Element."
The world accepts him and loves him.
"And more importantly, technology was necessary to build up the whole of Stopcar."
"Without this concept, we can't have this concept."
"Great. You don't want to drive alone, do you?"
"The demand for parking lots, the traffic, the CO2 emissions."
"At the end, it's the注目ed London parking system."
"But the universe is actually made up of noise, not sound."
"When space spreads out of the black hole, it shrinks at the same time, killing the universe hard."
"Every time it's sucked in, it'll be faster and louder."
Two black holes are colliding at a time scale of billions of years.
"Everywhere, everywhere, there's a big bang."
"Time passed, and 50,000 years ago, we were painting in caves."
She's traveling because she was out of the country during the election.
It would have been fine if it were to plant for the environment.
I can't leave it to someone else.
I'm calling them the warriors of the V-day.
"Eight years ago, when I began my journey to V- 新, something happened, and I was lost."
"In over 30 minutes, none of the new syringe was opened."
I did a lot of information charity in India.
What do you mean you're not like the others?
He saved me from selfish anger by giving me a third path.
"I'll tell you about the donations, the research, and the shape of the research."
"I'm sorry to say this to the Japanese, but that didn't happen."
I'd like to tell you something that may lead to a very strange thought.
"The contents of ""The Seissance Tort"" were originally inappropriate for children."
"And then the radius changes, and then it turns around."
"Five years ago, I worked as a research staff for a summer at NASA."
"By adjusting the footsteps to the environment, we can pass these things well."
"At the time, it was very original."
"This is the next generation of robots, the smarter, the faster, the stronger."
We also built the first car in the world that can be driven by invisible people.
"But sometimes there's a really great idea that's written there, that's when I found it."
"It takes a lot of time, not enough to take the risk."
What I can tell you from this is that the Vincent effect contains階級s and racism.
There must be some women who want to have sex during pregnancy.
I also left some of them under a few seats ahead of me.
That's why I was able to run a screen tests on Benjamin in '95.
Let me show you something. This is Benjamin's first test video.
"This was the moment that made me happy, because this was the breakthrough."
"We've taken these three models to a computer with high-re取りnce, an extensive polygon count."
It's like this. It's like it chooses the face moves and pulls the data.
"If I wanted to, I'd say my dreams would come true, but that's what I meant."
And the central role in these conflicts lies with a group of people representing all sorts of interests within these countries.
"At the time, the commander said, ""If we do this with patience,"
"But if you try to talk to her, you'll notice the lack of our knowledge."
You don't have to agree when you're on the same table as the other one.
"Now, the American community has grown more complicated than ever."
The point of this calculation is that Yo Don is literally buried in the ground.
But there's still a lot of learning to learn about them in an organization like ours.
The product is a reminder of what people want to live.
"In spite of being a global corporation, Coke's making a very local approach."
But Coke didn't stop here. I made versions in 18 different languages.
"Doesn't sound like a ""Weavinフラgg."
"In some of the states in northern India, they're even connecting the toilets to the marriages."
"Thanks to you, there was only one polyo infection in the area."
It's expected to run out of polyo funds next summer.
You don't need anything to use a car. Just think about it.
"About a hundred years ago, Henry Ford started making a T-ford."
What's the world up against now?
This machine is powering up hundreds ofワットs of power right now.
"It's just that this is Alexis' theory of space, and it's a middle-earth society in a way."
"There is nothing絶対 in this universe that's locked down, and it's zero."
"In addition, they often bring together similarities to relative theory and quantum mechanics."
"According to relative space theory, a substance can only be created by itself."
"Because it's embedded in a network of relationships, the individual's existence is incompetent."
This is the end of science.
traffic signs and traffic lights aren't the only job for the chief.
"When you look at the street designs, you'll see what they're doing."
"As soon as we cut off the cars, suddenly people showed up on the streets."
"If there's a project that's going to be a big discussion, you should consider the Rone Chair."
And we've been running this project in different areas of the city.
Protecting the bicycles from leaving and going in and out of lanes is going very well.
The yellow wire is keeping the number of casualties almost constant.
One of these little yellow balls is the cost of science.
"Under the ice, there's a liquid sea covering the whole satellite."
I've been exploring the solar system and discovered how beautiful it is.
It was taken when Apollo 8 went to the back of the moon.
"It's about 50 million light years away, and it's one of ours."
It's amazing what's out there.
"When the Big bang happened, there was no carbon or oxygen in the universe."
But they're also talking about pe growlling and transistors.
They wouldn't have been born without research.
I'll cooperate with the others.
"You know, we're taking out a lot of computers and televisions every year."
"But somehow, I was poisoned by a lot of hard fuels."
And we weren't able to analyze the physical disaster.
They thought there'd be a sheep at the top of thisお腹.
What really happened was more complicated and more specific.
They were replaced by a weak invader of the forces of the rock.
Most of them won't. I don't want to go back because it's not my dream.
"When he called me, he used to call me."
"And, in case you haven't noticed, there's a small head charger."
"But the bad news is, human brains aren't the biggest."
Because the size of your brain usually depends on the size of your body.
His brain is designed to look just like our own.
"Nine hours a day, I'm sure you've reached your limit."
"I came up with this when I was talking to my friend, a physicist at M.I.T."
I thought maybe you should've done it by dancing.
"Of course, dancers aren't always close to each other."
"In the competition, scientists present their research by dancing, not by words."
This one used a small car RV called fella. One day.
The company was twice what it was when it was founded.
How did you get here with all the others?
"It's been traveling three times over the last year, and it's doubled over the last year."
I just want to say one thing.
"I mean, the advantage of the mesh network is that it can use low-cost equipment."
Let's use the perfect one. When do we get it done?
"You shouldn't have waited ten, 15 years."
Imagine all the buses that run Rago is connected to the mesh network.
I took the idea of the Chevalz-Silt with me to the Proisen Science Academy.
"Sometimes when you swallow the Earth, you fall for the Hudson River."
It's about being able to use medical equipment to detect cancer.
He was like a cheat.
"And more importantly, the power of the music has unified our minds."
It's similar to the Wallsburn and the Wallen.
The reason I started the Vanillaモノローs was because I was worried about Vanilla.
I'm not carrying myself. I'm trying to determine what I can tell by my side.
"There are different ""we."" There are ""them."
They don't understand what they're doing. They don't want us to attack them.
"In Pakistan, I met a woman whose face was melted with acid."
"Ever since I got the jeep, she's saved 4500 women."
"Apparently, you understand the problem of infecting people from person to person in a place full of viruses."
"Even if you look only in India, the whole injection is not safe."
"In almost every school inろうとa, toys are sold in playgrounds."
Most of my life was a long way to answer these questions.
Afghanistan is heading in a different direction.
"They're carrying from the country of crown to the弾coea, theろうと love song, the Serbs duet."
"But for this protest, everyone showed up white and face-to-face."
"And most of the world, it's controlled by men."
They say they can make a change without being like the Westerners.
We can weaponize society and provide a real security in return.
"Meanwhile, there's a campaign for the health of men."
And then I called in a call to the president of the前諦めl cancer foundation.
"Hi, I'm Robbie. I'm a 14 years old and I'm in charge of Fiddler."
"Today, the best case today is about what's going on between work and living, not about your mother and father."
There are some countries that recognize the concerns and the changes in the role of mothers and fathers.
One of them was a scene in which the cookies monster swallowed it after sucking the pipes.
It moves more softly than the information from the touch sensors.
"When you do something, it moves like a magical creature."
The best part was that it only cost $200 to build the first prototype.
It was a study to see if we could use what kind of motors?
I wrote it at 4:00 in the morning.
"As long as we follow these rules, the students are surprisingly free to come up with ideas."
This is the best secret of our success. We're all really having fun.
"If a pregnant woman doesn't know, ask her if she can touch her belly."
"From an equal point of view, men and women, these two needs don't come in handy."
Every single one of us gets a chance to break the pattern every single day.
Everyone's gonna think it's worth the trouble.
"Gwen, you should see this."
I'd like to start by telling you a little bit about the history of this project.
I'm talking about a man who's born and grows and grows.
And I had to be a real human being because it wasn't a S.T.A.R. Labs movie.
And I had to make an hour of movie beginning with them.
It's clear that our national security is relying on the military alliance.
But we still have a great flaw in our dealings and understanding of modern conflicts.
"I need an army stationed in a few countries, but the army won't solve the problem alone."
"But if we don't do the communication, we won't be able to connect with the other side."
And the international community believes they have a right to fight.
"The next person I'd like to introduce you to is Zabilene, who lives in Kylo."
"When you're actually in a better place, you'll see Coke everywhere."
I think there are basically three things that we can learn from Coke.
"Right now in Africa, there are about 3 thousand centers where people work."
"As a wonderful example, I think there's a new medical training program in Equestria."
"These two songs have something in common, a message containing the same feeling of joy and unity."
There are signs that change has begun to take place all over the world.
You're right. You're always learning something here.
Why don't we just enjoy it and be charming and charming and clean and be gentle with the environment?
And I don't think the cops are going to give you a違反 ticket.
The ancient Greeks have traveled in the Sands from the Duonis theater to the temple of Parvenon.
The most common cause of death in the world is dirty water.
I'd like to make it a success with $120 million.
"It's a great idea, and I've got 25 seconds to decide."
"Right now, Times Square is the world's largest tourist spot."
People came out of nowhere.
Probably Jupiter's satellite.
"But there's a bright star there, a star that belongs to that galaxy."
The sun's rate of sunlight is about five and a half.
But I took Earth from the farthest place.
"In the last ten or 20 years, attempts have been made to create art."
Let's take a look at our first robot.
You'll be able to learn something from this robot about the community to which you belong.
I've given you a red and green panel for the middle seat.
"Once oil's in the swamp, it's impossible to remove it."
This is the soldier's soldier's soldier's soldier's soldier.
We know that Mr. Satoyama will have a great impact on us.
Another study has confirmed that this is a highly toxic mass.
There's been an outdated tape recorder in England.
"'Cause it doesn't change anything when you have a problem, does it?"
What's left of you when you run out of nit害?
I hope the Africans have a passion.
One of them's a chimp. The other one's a cow.
It's a special amount of energy used by human brains.
The container uses an electromagnetic field to quarantine atoms from their environment noise.
A waste of presents by the U.S.A. is a serious threat to global economy.
"Of course, it's only a matter of time before the audience loses it."
It's a system that charges cars in traffic.
"We'll try the traffic課s, use the same technology on the road課s."
"When the hurricane came down, the only working communication system was a mesh network."
Where did you do it?
"If we use that tool, we can create a beacon of economic growth."
"In this poem, a man has a special love for his belly."
"She's 23 years old, and she's been on drugs since she was 13 years old."
"And, ""The world without love is a world of death."
The black hole destroys the stars.
A group of people who spent the last 30 years trying to solve this problem.
I've never heard anything this loud before. I'm touched.
This is far beyond the time sense of human beings listening to sound.
"The whole world is staring at you, so travel, my little girl."
It's been eight years since that fateful night in Virginia.
Together with a lot of really great musicians around the world.
I've seen the power of music.
Why is this goofy security making me more nervous than ever?
"Unless, of course, the goal of my life is to be safe."
"It's a long trip, but we must avoid risky investments."
I'll just talk to a few people I know.
"When she was a child, she had the surgery to remove the unwanted Krystros."
"This time of year, she gave her parents a sexual education."
Are you okay?
Imagine being raised by rape victims.
I couldn't take it. I decided to do something about it.
"Now that the syringe has been re used, more than 10 million people have died a year."
"That's why I've traveled around the world, and I've encountered great people."
"And in that time, Rivera's opponents entered into a peace negotiation in there."
I'm going to introduce you to the band.
"More specifically, nobody knows what a foster kid is."
"In the past, even if it wasn't moral, a relationship was formed."
"She said, ""Our homework will take as much time as dinner."
It's the only thing that matters to me as a modern mother and father.
I think that's also why they feel threatened.
modern men spend more time with their children than they did before.
It's too wrong to hold a parent's accountability for a child's happiness.
"In fact, as my parents say, it's quite difficult."
"It's a three-脚ed robot, and it's a clue from nature."
But have there ever been three legs in nature?
This is what we want to do next.
I'm going to push my legs out far away.
This footage is a reactionary approach.
Those problems are that the price is too high.
"They don't use electric motors or electric machines, they use compressions."
It's a three-to-one game with a whole new set of eyes.
This is the trophy for this beautiful Louis Claythorne.
I've seen our exciting robot work.
"For instance, when a man rapes a woman, a government doesn't try to punish her."
"In fact, I haven't made any official comment about the safety of having sex during pregnancy."
A woman who claims to be treated equally around her.
"All right, make a cap and put it on the table."
I'll take a look at you.
"Every year, as I get older,"
It's not a bad thing to get old.
"The older I get, the harder it is to paint a man."
"It turns out that makeup isn't enough, especially close-up."
"Besides, makeup isn't an additional process that creates a face."
"The process, in a way, seems to be a program for overcoming alcoholism."
"Back then, the cutting edge technology was called Marker-based motion capture."
The subject appears to have been exposed to glowing makeup on his face.
It would be effective in real-time 3D data on the subject.
The actor who plays Benjamin will enter the camera wearing a blue hood jacket.
Benjamin's model moves against Brad's performance.
And now it's re-enacting the timing of the act.
That's why we needed to be a machine in a sense of human nature.
"I've never been so lucky, but this was my dream anyway."
"Every day, day after day, my head was white, and I didn't think of anything."
How awful would the gods abandon you?
Or maybe the father somehow found a job for his 12-year-old son.
"And in the middle, there's a big black rolls Roys."
I've never been a Olympic flagman without a woman.
She was sold to a brothel by her grandfather when she was 14 years old.
That's where most men would be happy.
Another love story is a sad story.
The time has come to make a歩ve in our civilization.
A man has no choice but to wait for his breath.
I've been trying to help him become a parent for ten years.
But I've seen what it's like to be a parent.
"Well, let's talk about why we started this job."
"Despite their actions, the war spreads rapidly across the world."
"After 9/11, the world was split up into two sides."
"It's been ten years since the military intrusion, but our country is far from stable."
"Three or five years ago, we had our differences."
But we don't need to be neutral with our relationship.
Make it harder to lead violent activity into politics.
"Under all circumstances, I'm not saying this is a bad idea."
"The power's on time, and fresh water can only come from self- made wells all over the place."
But there's only one thing they're surprised to find:
"I spent a little time there, trying to find out what happened to Coke."
That's why we're collecting data and using it to determine progress.
"When the development aids are done, a評価 report will be made at the end of the project."
This makes 90 percent of Coke Cora's sales.
"I've recruited 35,000 medical staff to provide direct medical care to people."
"In South Africa, happiness is related to being respected by the community."
I think one of the examples is quite convincing.
But I'll be more specific about the story.
Two million people have been vaccinated in the area where Shran lives.
"It's a wonderful story, but you want to leave it out of the grid, right?"
Cars were a gentle alternative to horses and chariots.
"In the time of the people living on the farm, everything was normal."
Someday history will prove that we were right.
There's no center of Newton's space theory. Thank you.
A location is only a relative concept.
It's not a good thing for old people or for small business people.
It's been used three million times since we launched this program.
The most likely candidate for life in the solar system
It's named after the sun god Herios.
There's one more surprise in this story.
The most famous photograph was taken by a booger.
I'm standing in front of you so you can see the size of it.
"How long it's been going on, how long it's going on, how long it's going on."
I have no idea what she's going to do today.
"Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on."
When two New Jersey hunters went into the woods.
Why do they call it a mediam?
"But to be honest, I like television."
And I'll explain the little things that happen here.
I'm grateful to be able to share some of my suffering with you this time.
Where do I go when I need help?
"I mean, where do I go to get these treatments?"
What happens if a member of your family dies or suffers a limp?
It's been less than a year since we founded this office.
"I mean, this is just an example. And what did I do?"
We're not all profitable from the campaign.
"We're studying animals, but there's no opposite. Why?"
What's in the brain of a man and what's not in the brain of an animal?
"It's simple and easy, and it doesn't take long."
"If the bioweapons had 8,800 billion newロンes, their brain would be 36 kilometers."
"With more weight, you'll have to sacrifice your nervous system."
Which means it's either a large body or a very large one.
"They used fire to cook, making the food easy to digest."
So I would like to offer you a way to ease your financial burden.
"No, I think it might be ideal not to use words."
Our leaders are desperate to find a way to save them.
"I have to say, it's a bit of an embarrassment."
It also means you can choose a car that suits your needs.
I can feel it.
The decoy system is冗hable and stable.
At least we can't get a direct look at it with light.
This broken black hole is the size of one of Manhattan's biggest.
Which means it's being crushed in a 200-mile radius this time.
So this is what our prediction is.
"But that sound is really faint, and no one has heard it."
"It's been 10 billion years since then, and the sound of the Big bang still remains among us."
The President is using $40 billion tobed into the modern化 of nuclear weapons.
I asked him how he lived.
"I see, hear, feel these words everywhere."
"As a matter of fact, I believe that security is an inconvenience."
I'm not gay or gay or I'm not having sex.
At least that's what this is all about.
"There are others who are not like you, called enemies."
Real security isn't about knowing what you don't know.
"When you wake up in the morning, do you always feel either hope or despair?"
"If we try to use it again, it's locked and broken."
"And if there's a connection, what's the male position?"
"My aunt, a smart woman, was young and a widow."
It's also in India.
"After that day, my life has become a beard."
I was drinking with my team down at Mormenber.
"When they called it the progressist age, this operation was burned out."
"But with this change, the role of parents has become clearer than ever."
I teach kids how to play chess in case you need some kind of analysis skills.
It's more wrong to leave happiness on the child's hands.
We solved the problem without using the mechanics.
"In a case like this, you can make different kinds of moves."
It became something really interesting in '95.
"Last year, I led a chorus band at a holiday concert."
You'll see it in the lobby.
"This leads to the last point, ""Don't forget the fun."
"When you're having sex with a woman, you're gonna have to put a lot of effort into it."
"Humans try to solve the riddles, find order in chaos."
"In any case, Don Quichote is an important piece."
Have you ever read Don Quichote?
I don't know.
"A lot of different places the hair started to grow, and there were other changes."
We believed our methods would work out very well.
One hour of the entire movie will be starring Benjamin.
I had enough enthusiasm for the project.
"As you can see, it's quite a mess."
He thinks he can actually classify the human face.
"And it was a system that wasn't about age, race, culture, Jenner."
"As you can see, I'm getting a pretty good view of things."
Everything was perfect except that he's仮.
That's how Benjamin was born-- three-year-old on a computer.
This time to move him onto that data.
The goal here is to get a lot of people to see only Benjamin's eyes.
What I'm showing you is the first stage of this process.
Eighteen minutes of how to make a digital human being.
Let me introduce you to the moment of truth.
Five women representing the five continents and three Olympic gold medal winners.
"Of course, my question was what I was wearing."
He asked me what size uniform I was wearing.
"Everybody deserves a medal, but we don't lose the elements of luck."
"And it's my mother, that's the whore Sam. She's a commanding officer who fights child prostitution."
"But if you don't have a gray skin,"
I didn't exactly say that.
She was forced by soldiers to see her husband tortured and killed.
"The author of my book is a woman with a strong heart and passion, like Rose feds."
I would never make a character.
It's a tiny village inグラdech in '95.
The first patient suffered from several bad teeth.
Even though I knew the only way you could do that was to remove a set of teeth.
The poorest countries and a lot of left-handed society are always holding women down.
"Everything will change if you give a woman more power than technology, design, and amusement."
"But when I tell you, the words that I've mentioned have driven me crazy."
"When this mass reaches the surface of the ocean, it'll fall apart."
My parents didn't want me to think critically.
"It's a wonderful thing, but it only covers 20 % of tie."
There's no difference between the people that Coke chose and the people that we chose.
Condom relay. Condom swelling competition.
"The hotel offered us a ballroom, a very perfect room."
Can you imagine a New York cop giving you a condom?
Imagine having a condom and handing it out to a lot of people.
Never let an expert or a doctor or a nurse do this.
"They're trying to turn the poor people into a barefoot businessman, a small businessman."
I need to learn something before I borrow the money.
"If you're watching TV, please contact me."
Can you imagine getting a condom at Starbuck?
I would also like you to add the goal of saving lives to the next Olympics.
I'm quite surprised it was created by such a small bug.
"In the end, fire shadows are only a small part of the大変実は of the Earth's species."
"Okay, clock starts in 30 seconds."
A better student who doesn't take too much trouble.
"You make a decision, and you act on it."
"Two in the past, two in the future."
"Or a future beyond common sense, which means a world that begins after death."
That's why I've created a trick to using its by-パートナーs all over the world.
"I mean, we can make a lot of small factories around the world."
I stood here 11 years ago.
"Fortunately, a lot of people agree."
I told you it was a spade ace.
Let's try it again.
I don't think we're gonna make it.
Make him a man.
Let's just keep it that way.
"We're in a tough economy, TEDster. Really tough."
We're still dealing with the current crisis.
It's the most important event in Eastern Europe after the war.
It's got the world's highest taxes on it.
What are they going to do with the funds they made?
"Actually, there are a lot of them."
It's a drug. It's a photograph of the second marijuana farm this morning.
It's one of the thousands of family greenhouses in British Columbia.
"Ever since globalization began, the world's drug market has grown to a great deal."
It's not just about Parreelmo or New York siッチan talk anymore.
"In fact, a lot of people don't trust science."
The most famous example is Albert Einstein.
"For centuries, a lot of very bright people believed in the idea."
We have to deal with the problems beyond trade and decommissionment.
The spring of the Arab spring turned in fall and it turned to winter.
There are a lot of ways to deal with this kind of thing.
We're going to collect real-time data and put it on the product immediately.
I'm hiring people who have a strong sense of the community and I'm doing a wonderful job.
So Coke did a little research on this.
And this song is number one on the 17 different pop charts.
Let's wash your hands so you don't have diarrhea.
"It's known that by serving the altar, men's H.T. count will drop to 60 %."
"In the last 20 years, the polar opposites have gone down 9mbers."
"Yesterday, people from the auto industry gave me new insights."
"In 5,000 years, all of our transportation in the city has retreated."
"How does science work?"" We think about this a lot."
It's defined by concepts.
The revolution began with the discovery of relative theory and quantum theory.
There's gotta be some way in this universe that's capable of self-destruction.
Everyone who plays democracy is part of the network.
"We're also designing the city, the streets."
And that's why city design is our number-one priority in the future.
"In this case, people have to avoid cars."
"You know, I'm working with the mayor of the data room."
Do you like the color of the lone chair?
It's double the neighboring area.
"Using paint and temporary ones, we acted very quickly."
"Well, the biggest Citiテスト ever recorded is 45,000 in August."
"It's convenient, safe, convenient."
The cost of science is well written.
That's about £3 billion out of 6 billion a year.
This photograph is a hydrogenspector.
It's the Earth in the photographs of Jupiter.
It's the experience of humbling people and forming a personality.
It appears that the turn of the 19th century...
You're all beautiful.
I've been trying to tell you since yesterday.
Have you seen that little Swiss Army knife they're using as a weapon?
My friends died.
"I must say, I'm one of the high々."
I was invited to Mexico Bay in May.
The show is still going on at the company's show.
I found this out in an oil accident on the Exxon-ルの.
"I'm afraid that's not a good idea, but this is a cab to Nigella."
It's very serious. This is where they're going.
I'm not here to excuse the poor.
We've got a serious problem.
Do you know where it is?
My equipment and ours have something in common.
I'm sure you'll need some sacrifice.
Which means the largest brain should have the highest power of communication.
It's a cell nucleus in one rat's brain.
We're a霊. We should compare to other霊s.
"If you'd eat it like a monkey, you wouldn't have a brain or a body."
"If we had eaten it like a monkey, we wouldn't have evolved this far."
The atoms are getting colder and closer to absolute zero.
The atoms can be solid or liquid or airborne.
He's the most unstable person we know of.
The number of unemployed artists will increase due to the loss of jobs.
Let's start with an American dancer.
I don't know where I can go with you today.
"It's just another part of the movie, graduating."
I'm beginning to see the difference between men and women in brain function.
I've heard of the brain pathway of imaginations and long-term plans--
We're facing the fact that you're in the midst of an expansion.
And that wave travels in the speed of light.
This simulation belongs to a group at NASA's Goddaid Space Center.
"This belongs to our group, a bit of a fancy model."
It's where a relatively light black hole gets sucked into a very heavy black hole.
"When it's far away,"
"Luckily, we were on a long beach in Long Beach, far away from California."
"But while we're doing this, there are two black holes in the universe."
And it's believed there's a very large black hole at the center of both.
"I'm convinced that even if I meditate, even if I pray, nothing can change the world."
I talked to Auntie O'Connor a few days ago.
She's been living abroad for the last year and a half.
I figured I'd have to take Vanjo to China.
The world awaits outside these doors.
I want to be in that light with you and all of you.
"But the truth is, this will shut you down."
We're breaking out of the already known box of perpetrators and victims.
Real security isn't about facing death.
"We must not run from losses, we must embrace grief and surrender."
"In a shared future, it is simply a shared matter."
"And the kids, they're in playtime."
It's used as a water gun.
We need better product and information.
Is it a sign of obedience or a sign of defiance?
A woman who's protecting our culture and a woman who's pushing for revolution.
"And after he left, the women and the girls stayed behind."
"Come on, Jean, we're not scared."
"Laura was the mother of three children, not a peace thinker."
"The next morning, she asked for her opinion at the church."
All men have a right to a bit of luxury.
That's how charity begins.
I'm going to ask you to make your own decisions.
There are many books on these shelves.
"The word ""持ってt a child"" became popular in the last few years."
It began with a great history change.
It's also the reason your parenting is becoming a lot more complicated than ever.
The world moves fast. There's no way to predict.
But the important thing is that men do a lot of things.
The first one was made by an Strider I in the back.
It's a high-performance robot we've developed.
"The next robot we're looking for is a C.P.H.E.R. ""C.P.E., cable-proof, intelligent-use operational robot."
Let's see something very interesting.
It stores energy on bulletproof surfaces.
"Next up is a new robot, the Z.H.I.T."
I thought we were going to address this in a different way.
"Is it possible in the first place, or does it need to be under control?"
There's a competition called the B.C.up.
I don't know how many you know.
There's a lot more exciting robotics project we'd like to talk about.
The photographs in the back are taken at the lab at 3:00 a.m.
Did you ever order a bottle of wine and the waiter turned you down?
"It's not about men, it's about women."
"You've read it, haven't you?"
"Okay, what's your name?"
Did you know your name was eight points in Scorple?
The blue one.
"When I showed you theそう, there was a green chicken."
"Oh, yeah. There was one more thing."
"Now, the other piece of the puzzle."
I'm going to show you the clips from the movie.
We split this up in three.
I needed all the information from a large sleeve to a small sleeve
This is the base of our work.
"But from the perspective of the polygons, we've run complex and dependable data readings."
"I saw 100,000 polygons on the left."
Next step is to add 40 years to his current age.
I'm sure you'll find your chosen one here.
I also built a system that records every tongue in every phone call.
Someone spent nine months focusing on my tongue movements.
"She's hot, she's long, she's dark-haired."
Jenny doesn't have that clearance or experience.
I don't know where my eyes are.
And yet this obvious fact has been ignored by governments and charities.
"A man manipulates the world, and this is what happens."
The malfeasance moves from top to bottom of the ladder.
"At the bottom are women and children, especially the poor."
A job to provide for family and community living?
You work nights and nights to protect your life and your assets?
"It detects color, light, feels of the surface, chemical compounds, and, of course, the shape of the skin."
But my work is not about looking into the past.
I've never seen a mess like this. I've never seen anything like this.
Let's start by forgetting how many billions of dollars it's worth.
My uncle buys a condom.
"It's been 35, 36 years since this program began."
We can work together to change behavior and habits.
"Unfortunately, the government's only refused."
The media has become a need to be trained on the subject.
Your efforts are rewarded.
You should stop making shoes and clothes here.
"Starbuck will wake you up, but we will not only save your life."
There's a building made of Takeo. It's only Takeo.
"And in some other sort of firewood, only a female casts glow."
"But if that male is your favorite, then you and I are gonna have a conversation."
Then let's see what happens when the light goes out.
We're going to have to observe the inside of the interbreeding cone further.
I'm not looking for love. I'm looking for toxins.
"Don't eat, Adam."
"If you like marshmallows, of course, you can wait."
The natural recycle system has been here for billions of years.
I've told you so many times I'm growing material.
What we're doing is accelerating the progress of sail technology.
What we really need is more than just a random look.
Something I've never heard of.
"That's when I introduced you to one of the most revolutionary of the time, prosthetic legs."
The progeny is no longer an excuse for the loss.
"You can't see anything in that blindfold, can you?"
Are there any obstacles?
Please give a round of applause.
His name is K.
"The heroin, the cocaine, the women and the貴重."
"Well, how easy it is to launder money."
"These last 20 years, it's been a hell of a time for dirty money."
"But in the center, there's an okay bank network."
I'll give you an international crime entrance class.
Looks like organized crime's already prepared for the reブル.
This is a Kit that was referred to by a Brazilian cyber criminal.
"Most of the time, we can't appreciate our own scientific claims."
"In ideal cases, the law is involved."
"Because if that's the law of nature, it's絶対."
"This is an explanation of a concept known as ""thermal perception."
"Actually, it's a lot smaller than what's written here."
"I mean, scientific intelligence is considered an expert's idea."
"(Laughs) Well, here's my final point."
The things we use in our home.
It's not about using a computer.
"I'll stop in front of the wall and say,"
I'm digging on the edge of my hand.
"Frankly, I think this could have been my starting point."
So it's like you're being pulled from both sides.
"Looks like a bomb destroyed scenery, but it's not."
It's one of the biggest in relocated cities.
"In this photograph, you'll find three of these furnaces."
This is a weapon factory used by a coat of oil by邦.
I'd like to make a wish for my two daughters.
"If we can support this, whatever it is, it's gonna be great."
Whatever this revolution finally calls it.
Now our diplomatic mission has been ordered to communicate with all these people.
There's a conversation that doesn't have to do with help.
We diplomatists need to know about the community's social assets.
I painted the lobby walls and planted a tree.
This tower is designed by a man who has no knowledge of building or design.
I'm sure you'll be surprised to see how much more of me I'm going to have to pay you for your visit.
It's not the first time I've wondered.
So what's the second great thing about Coke?
What can the government or the U.S. government learn from Coke?
Let's just think about how this can change people's lives.
This was actually a World Cup campaign.
Use a condom to stop the infection.
Can you imagine what these young men are waiting for?
"In 20 of the largest cities in the world, as much as 5 percent of the land,"
"In Asia alone, there are billions of people."
We did not follow a hundred years' worth of roads.
"So today, I'm going to introduce you to the three stages of this evolutionary process."
That's why relative space theory requires a process of self-destruction.
"We've set a goal and a standard car accident death rate by half a year by the end of the year, and we've put together a clear play plan for the project to make public streets public spaces."
It wasn't about shutting down Broadway traffic.
What do you think about the Lonecraft?
We've created a network of roads that interconnects immediately.
I put a bicycle lane outside the parking lane. It's the first bicycle lane in the U.S.
"Yesterday alone, in New York City, 50,000 people have taken advantage of the Charlie Charlie."
The cost will be paid in the self-cleaner before you get on the bus.
We live in times of financial hardship and hardship.
That's about £6 billion a year.
This is a remarkable photograph.
It's a sun speck.
Look at the number of black lines in the spectrometer.
One of the billions in the universe.
I think the discovery is important because of some unlikely coincidence.
It could turn out to be beautiful or extremely surprising.
It's Earth. It's Earth.
Looks like you're going to pull it out.
It's here. It's home. It's us.
There are some of them.
And I'm looking at your reactions.
"If you like, please green it out."
The other one will take his phone and call 911.
"In our case, it will be a major chemical company."
And that's all the food they've brought us.
- Shouldn't we know?
Some people can't beat malaria orそれも.
Is this the headlights?
The faithful may come.
"Oxygenation rate, at normal times."
How many surgeries did you perform on your first帰ート?
Are you looking for a surgical procedure?
We're working on oxygen use now.
"It must be really special, because it doesn't apply to those rules."
I'm just saying it's about as important as all nerds in the brain.
I really think that Darwin will understand this.
And what about us? What about other animals?
I guess that's why we're here now.
"I've been studying people's brains, and I've changed my mind about food."
"You know, we're facing a crisis of economics."
But it's not that crazy.
"That's why four years ago, I started a competition for your Ph.D."
"As a result, we move slowly in the right direction."
One of the ways to cut back on art support.
Let me show you a few ways to make a dramatic change.
What do you mean it's going to be a hot hot hot hot hot hot hot car?
There's nothing wrong with being in a good place.
"Now, what would you like me to do for you?"
Three hundred buses with mesh connections to a high-performance guidance device.
"I mean, society is walking towards the past."
"There are a lot of dumb-ass men at the same time, but..."
I was talking about love biology today.
That's where we tested the MRI.
You're shaking a lot.
"That noise has shaken space forever, and yet we haven't."
"It's an random vibration, also known as White Noise."
Can't we just stop thinking here before that?
We need to define what it is that makes us safe in this world.
"In general, it means something like that."
"When people gather, normally they'd be imprisoned."
That's why I stayed involved in the mine campaign.
"Real security, security confirmed, surveillance, clearance."
"There are thousands of warriors, even without millions."
(Laughs) But she was scared she'd be expelled.
But there was an interesting story that I heard in造x.
The same as a regular syringe and the same price.
The price of Coke is ten times that.
This will stop the syringe from being used 20 or 30 times.
"Every time she travels in Afghanistan, I worry."
These tribal singers met in a class of Jenner research at the university.
"Laimee, the gift that bowin was given to us was war."
"She, along with thousands of women, stopped a bloody war."
"And when I look around, the police are gone."
"It's about Malcolm X, the women's protesters, the gay parade."
They're trying to get past the Western development model.
The beautiful Mullin Ackerman used to say that.
"So we decided, ""Let's do it."
It wasn't as successful as I expected.
You've given our brand and our campaign to the ambassador.
I've been talking about the adventures of Adam Gar calm.
The problem now lies with the child being raised right now.
The writer Michael Louis said it well.
I'm not going to teach you how to ride a bike.
"In the end, that's what happens when there's no script."
The first robot I'm going to introduce you to is St rider.
But my robot STrider doesn't work like this.
I don't know how the robots work.
The little one in front of you is静der II.
The next robot will be the  that we're looking for.
It's assembled into some sort of chaotic.
He told me how much he killed for education and for school.
"There are two sides to this, actually."
The media has been playing a big role in the sexual化 of women.
Let's stop treating pregnant women as social property.
We're looking at animals from the farm.
He's closed his eyes.
Have you forgotten the purple?
"Now, Gwen, I'll give you this envelope."
"Katie, thank you for taking my picture."
"Ladies and gentlemen, this is today's New York Times."
"In this process, computer vision has made great progress."
You're not like anyone else.
"I've had many meetings, and I've seriously considered making a movie."
But then I had to give up.
There's no such thing as fear of technology. There's also a strong obsession with the project.
The test was a success. I was able to reassure the studio.
How the skin moves over the muscles and the bones.
Because it's a real thing I built from Brad's model.
And targeting is to transfer this data to other models.
"For example, if you choose Benjamin's eyebrows on the left,"
Here's the footage of the film you finished.
"And I saw the same men again at night, coming home."
Maybe there's a more serious psychological problem.
You will share a moment with me and your queen.
"If you know this song, sing it."
I'd like to talk to you about your passion.
I was told it wasn't funny.
Only a brave mind can win a gold medal.
I'd like to play a good broke-up.
We've been working for each other.
"We can't rule out rape, assault, even murder."
"I'm going to start with a few voices praying, and I'm going to start carving teeth."
It's the basic question that most people ask.
Do you think it's fair to ride the winds of the present?
"I fear the abuse of power, the abuse of power."
"Of course, I'm talking about a man with a young heart."
"I feel a wave of pressure, which means I can hear the sound."
On the right is where the males release the sperm.
"The reef is made up of animals, plants, microbial and fungal species."
"Like, why do you have to mow the lawn?"
So that we could be children instead of coffins and concrete.
"It's not just about the rate of children dying, it's about family planning."
And the women were relieved. This was their impression.
"If we stop for a family plan, we can move on."
"Right after that, the Prime Minister replaced him."
なこと education starts at college and then all the other schools.
Everybody loves it. We need a symbol.
Because you're an actual businessman with no money.
The money flows from corporations to villages through the植res.
"Before I owe you money, I need to learn something."
"In the world of art and poetry, over the centuries."
He didn't even fly in the daylight.
We're going to look again and again into the seasonal tastes of meth firewood.
It's just a natural choice.
"In fact, two-thirds of the children lose the temptation."
"They can't wait. The other children, of course, can."
"There are children who can win the temptation, and they'll slow us down for later."
The kids who have outperformed have a high score in the college aptitude test.
"So, what's the big picture of a good time line?"
The firing Christ is basically destroying the Earth's breathing system and the processing system.
"In our methods, the fungal cells are basically used as a decoy."
"These chemicals are grown out of farm waste, and they're not being used."
It's hard to imagine how it grows.
"In front of me, these parts have now self organized."
"Actually, it takes five days and a little more time."
I won't lose the thrust or the direction.
Turn a new product into a new market.
We've released a much simpler design.
This is what we're dreaming of.
I'd like to call in an Inspector Gelet!
"I'm 5'5""."
We're here to meet the weight winning champions who have been here since the turn of '80s.
"Thanks, I've decided to speak with the gang."
There are禁止 areas in Mexico and the Vulcan Islands.
This ship will be worth a million Euros if it's brand new.
It's the most progressist industry in the world.
It's more than that.
A medication like this contains only a handful of actual drugs.
That's why malaria worms are becoming more and more resistant.
"They will affect our food, our government."
There's no such thing as romantics in the 21st century.
Faith is an entirely different thing from science.
That's why you're telling me that you should trust God.
He has abandoned science and rationalism and taken a risk beyond logic.
Why is it so important to be a natural law?
It's a matter of perjury.
That's the difference in angles. That's how old you are.
I don't know why you're wearing theまいon boots.
I don't understand why cars work so well.
"Frankly, the situation is extremely serious."
Because I've never spoken to these people in this country.
The people of South Africa will know that it was a very difficult process.
The company is well-advised to take advantage of its own founding fathers.
"It's gonna be really bright, isn't it?"
This isn't about hope. This is about avoidance.
I'm sure you've all heard this message.
But there's a solution. A toilet.
I've seen it. It's a chicken shed.
I was thinking there were two ways the virus could hatch.
50 percent of the population live in the city.
"They like cars, and so do I."
What are we fighting for now?
They started with the cutting edge of technology.
There's no such thing as a sophisticated heart implant in the world.
"I don't know if I can really do it, but I'm going to keep trying."
This universe can be explained by a network of connections.
The nature of all things is due to different relationships.
"This is a relative theory, a quantum theory."
It's becoming an interesting story.
This last point of view of spaceism is based on a relevant point of view.
You just have to look at it from a different angle.
I think this is important to us who live in the city.
"When I noticed this, Mayor Broomberg set up stash C in 'ぞ."
It's not good for a child.
It was like Star-Tレck's e vision.
I've heard a lot about this lone chair in my town.
One of the successes was that everyone started to do the same.
I'd like to remind you that this strategy is going well.
The blue wire is right up the bike count.
"Now, the bicycles are the same as New York."
It's supposed to be hundreds of miles.
Looks like it doesn't mean anything.
That's the limit we've been assigned to the stars.
"That planet is 50 million light years away, too."
It looks like there's a planet on Earth.
"Jupiter, Earth, and Heaven."
Even in a times of financial hardship.
We're based in New York.
Each one of these jokes is labeled in different ways.
"Okay, let's get started on the robot laugh."
Is there any worse news than that?
Thank you for joining us.
I hope you can learn about robotic expressions.
It's like the principle of presumably not guilty.
And I hope one of you will help me.
"I graduated high school in々の, Ohio."
I graduated from the university with a medical degree in '95.
How many people do you think are in that cab?
"It's hard to believe, but some of us are still alive."
He's on a campaign.
That's what Hans Rossling said about health.
There are some problems with our mission.
Then let's solve the problem.
But I'm sure it'll be all right.
The human brain is three times that of a gorilla.
And this is where I began to care.
Other animals don't cook. They're just people.
There's nothing you can do. I'll show you.
It's going to be a whole new state of affairs.
"Still, it's hard to understand scientists."
Our country is in debt of 15 billion dollars.
It's not a movie. It's real.
But there's a bright side to it.
"You use it only when you need it, which means you pay for it."
You'll be able to ride the  Hang over when you're going to a business partner.
"It's all mesh connections, so there's no charges a month for comms."
It's a free wired system that's covering the entire country.
Why don't you think about it?
What kind of wired tech do we use?
I'm going to back it up a little.
I forgot to mention that love is a delusion.
It's an undertaking project.
But we can't see the light directly.
But Einstein said that the black hole was nothing more than a mathematical mutation.
The sun won't be a black hole.
You can't hide behind a black hole.
It's like a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a.
This is the sound that we predicted from the映像s in the universe.
But this galaxy is not stopping. It's trying to unite.
"Ten cowardly years ago, imagine two black holes colliding."
"And in the next 20 years or so,"
We're here because we want to talk about a challenge.
We've had a lot of challenged times.
It's about using funds for this kind of thing.
I've spoken to her about a number of issues.
"Some of them, just like me, always did."
Turns out we don't need lawyers anymore.
What does real security mean?
"India, Egypt, Italy, or America."
Which means you won't be safe.
This is your mission. This is what you have to do.
"We've raised $10,000 for a play that won't be made public."
There's a young lady in Minnesota named Kelly LaFleurson.
"Three years ago, I met口座 at the lift Danny."
"Eight years, she's been working in the lift ballet."
What else?
"You can't buy, you can't plan, you can't build a bomb."
Haven't seen Rivera since the civil war lasted for decades.
"A friend of mine was a female cop, a Muslim."
The police were called to move the women.
And then something very interesting happened.
"This way, we've improved the location of the research."
It's like there's a side smoke at the airport.
"Since the children stopped working, the financial side of the childhood changed."
"There are eight countries in the world that don't have this system, and America is one of them."
"Before we begin, let's just focus on pop culture."
It stands for an intelligent travel platform with an active spokee system.
I bet you've never seen anything like this before.
"At that time, they were developing a six-leaf robot called the Niobee."
I'm considering the possibility of it.
Those cables are optical fibers.
This is what we call a visually impaired driver.
But the flash of imagination is not enough.
Do you have any experience of letting a naughty man pass by?
She's an incredibly beautiful woman with a perfect body.
"As a matter of fact, a proper pregnancy drinking is safe."
I'm sorry.
"Then I'll turn the pattern into a triangle, a square."
"Meanwhile, there are other cultures that have a particular kind of puzzle."
"As you can see, we've always solved the mystery."
Now stand there. Right there.
You can't see where you're painted.
It's a lot bigger.
It's going to be all right.
Is there order within the chaos I created?
Do you remember this puzzle I showed you?
"Yes, a blue horse."
And then you experimented on silver cows.
I'm gonna put it on the screen.
Wait a minute.
Scott Fitzgerald's short story.
The film company involved theワーner Brothers and Paramount.
They wanted a guarantee that they could do something other than talk.
I was just putting the pieces together to get through the test.
(Laughs) The plan was difficult.
You know what motion capture is.
Then we encountered an incredible technology called the Conter.
Aesthetically correct data.
I've moved into a process called targeting.
This is Brad with the look on Eckman's face.
"From there, we'll go into a process called image analysis."
It's as if I'm the queen's eye.
Your Majesty looks at me and smiles.
I don't want to spend the rest of my life in that shipyard.
I want a life that isn't normal.
What's more loyal than the truth?
They've sacrificed their lives for medals.
A good man with a common sense won't be a fascinating character.
Of course. All the cameras are staring at Sophia.
They control their bodies and their lives.
(Laughs) (Laughs)
The smile on her teeth makes it easier for the patient to kiss her hands.
My angry husband threatens to kill Jenny.
What is a hell of a thing and how does it grow?
It's a reward to find this.
Remember the hardest job you've ever had.
I'm sure it's a matter of becoming a parent.
"They provide us with aesthetic beauty, food and medicine."
It's like we've turned a generation's worth of apples to the ground.
Why don't we just put jellybeans in the oatmeal?
"Here's the situation inバーkley,処."
"The average number of children in the country is 7, and the population growth rate is, like, 8 percent."
I asked the public for it.
Now we're bigger than Coke.
My mother drinks pills every night.
"If you're pregnant, you should focus on that."
And July 4th.
"This way, everyone's got to get involved."
The high school teacher is a high school teacher.
(Laughs) It's a condom we created.
There may have been fewer people in Ty.
There's only one way to get us out of the misery.
You can order a condom with a capuchin.
We're going to rebuild the school so that we can meet the needs of the community.
We found a mass defence weapon.
"So, what good could such a bright light have done to the original species?"
"Looks like he's just hanging around, thinking about who he's going to be."
"It's a sign that says ""Come here."
This creature speaks of love by the word of light.
We're almost there.
The virtue of your promise is defeated by an intersection of passion.
Most of them didn't have to do with a controlled fetus.
Any oversight of time can work in a bad way.
I'm sure there are a lot ofTEDsters who would like to say that.
That's not all.
But nature has a very good example.
"In this case, I've grown a corner Pat."
I'm sure it'll give you some good news.
The whole ship is under control.
Thank you very much.
And this real silicon leg.
"I've been thinking about that guy, that son of a bitch, that guy."
I'll take thisアイ mask.
"There's a production zone, like Afghanistan or Columbia."
The cigarette that just came out of the factory is very cheap.
They shifted the way the deal was done.
The key is what's called social engineering.
Have you ever eaten a nosebleed since childhood?
It's okay. It's okay.
Can you see this phenomenon in nature?
The light that flows through the sun actually bends.
I'm guessing this is a grounded theory.
"I've collected many things, including the famous Finch."
"In addition to the帰ing sciences, there are ways scientists often use."
It was about the cause of the mountains.
Computer simulations are a kind of model.
How do we find out what caused the warming that was recorded?
Scientists can model it using simulations.
We grew up touching things around us.
There's more than one finger to track him.
What's the plan?
How are you going to spend your time in the U.S. and India?
I've become very interested in the scenery in Canada.
It became the foundation of my work.
These times still exist.
I want a house. I want a car.
"But in the meantime, things have grown bigger."
"Now, let me show you a picture of China."
So coal is probably one of the biggest problems.
"No parks, no green."
The industry's already spread around the new construction site.
There are a lot of people looking for a job like this.
This photo is from one of the cafeterias.
This is what most computers do.
People feel better when they're out there.
I didn't take any hallucinations.
This is a common case.
Four corners of blue and four corners of orange.
Most of it was related to the car.
I've seen patients who have these hallucinations.
I can feel the sound of the car in my five senses.
We're not building images in the field of vision.
A face cell was discovered around the time he died.
It's not like I'm dreaming.
I thought you'd listen.
I'll take a look.
It was a very interesting piece of talk.
"One, two, four."
It reminds me of everything around me.
(Laughs) The helicopter was really scary.
"Today, we're going to talk about an accident."
This photo is a Pacific garbage belt.
"Because the plastic waste that was already made is still there, right?"
It easily flows out into the environment.
The thick blue offsets the government's fair share.
I'm sure that's a good thing for both the sad party and the sad party.
We can't even discuss the amendment to social security.
We're not ready to deal with them.
Only a political solution can settle it.
This exercise will go on for a long time.
Because they could be in a lot of ways now.
There's a conversation between a chaotic and a chaotic.
What we're going to learn from this.
This is probably the first sign of change.
"Fortunately, we are not helpless."
We don't have enough passengers in Macoco.
Coke is overwhelming.
Let's just compare this to a little development help.
The government's already begun to argue.
Coke's third factor of success is the key.
Or re-use it as a chestboard of his own home.
Why are these so important?
"This is less than 1,500 people in the last year."
Or a snow-モーe that doesn't need snow.
The city grew and spread.
It leads to the success of a new theory called Neoderらしmus.
It's not good for a fire extinguisher.
"It's dangerous, and it's cold sweat."
In a place where no one was ever there.
These results are not computer models.
I can tell from the streets of real society.
One click and it's done.
Green is the number of bicycle lanes.
The New Yorkers are at 5 percent behind the bicycle lane.
One bicycle is used six times a day.
This is how it was six years ago.
Our greatest research was in '95.
There are only a few places where electronics can exist.
It's a carbon and oxygen-based planet.
I'll keep an eye out for photographs of this Earth.
"It's the Earth, taken from a hundred million kilometers away."
I want you to think about it again.
I'm sure you'll be very popular.
I haven't been at war in 500 years.
Do you all like TV?
The manufacturer is not responsible for proof.
There's also a problem with the plume.
"That's what's going on here, and it's going to cause internal hemorrhaging."
"If it's oil alone, it's an up-to-up-to-a-million-million count."
It's easy to see in the water columns.
Look at that bag.
"If you're healthy, you'll be rich quick."
He's a Mike from Mississippi.
"If we find what we need, we'll keep it with the excrement."
"He's my classmate, who graduated from college in '95 with me."
The human brain isn't the brain of a teeth.
Then why do our brains use so much energy?
It's a fascinating image or whatever kind of data they're using to distract us.
I have two things to tell you today.
So how did Zipcar affect society?
I can tell you what's in common with the rest of America.
The following is Alan Kay's talk.
What's the cost of this communications system?
I'm sorry you had to say that.
But the main question is always the same.
It's surrounded by TVs that shape our consciousness.
The black hole is a dark object in a dark universe.
This is Einstein's great generality theory.
Even light can be bended by this twist.
He believed nature would protect us.
"Something like that, anyway."
They're moving each other around at a hundred times a second.
The sound can be predictable.
I need to get away from this noise.
I can see the two galaxy in this bubble telescope.
Looks like these two galaxy are still holding each other.
We're not here to weaponize our own country.
"I said,"
It takes a lot of effort to get what you want.
"A few months later, he was writing a song."
"It's made up of country, religion, and ""we."
"The bad guys, the saint, the criminals, the victims."
"It's not about power, it's about greed."
Two syringe used from the beginning to the end.
You can imagine the size of this problem.
These children in Pakistan won't go to school.
"Luckily, they're already"
Recyclement and re use are a big problem here.
It's a used syringe with blood on it.
I'll give you a shot and put it down.
"Very simple, thank you."
I'm interested to see how a woman saves us.
"Most of them are in their 20s, some of them mothers."
She promised to tell this story in her community.
"Negotiations took a while, they weren't going to be over."
But we need fires from above.
We're now supporting 13 different countries' cancer funds.
There must be a lot of great books.
"And my God, I'm still alive."
How many times have I been depressed?
This is my newborn son.
This is a live simulation video.
We're calling this a sequence of moves.
You just have to change the length of the spoke.
Interesting cargo you're carrying.
You can crush an empty barrel of juice.
Twelve free robot armor.
The next robot will be our current star.
I was born on the first day of the war.
Stand up and walk.
It's a team effort between robots.
So what's the secret to our success?
This is the truth. I'm talking to myself.
I need to decode it.
I'll check the rules before I start.
"That rule is, ""Nobody judges anyone's idea."
- It's not sexy. - It's weird.
There's a different type of sexual breakdown.
Did he even mention that he was wrong?
He acts like that for a while.
"(Laughs) Well, the riddles exist in every culture."
I'm sure it'll be fun.
Sure.
"Now, ladies and gentlemen, how could you do this?"
This is a puzzle for you.
You painted the mule red.
What's invisible and what's invisible.
I've ruled out the idea of special make-up.
"There will be no deceptions, no mistakes."
A lot of funds and a lot of honor.
Into a computer program.
And he succeeded in admitting it to a million.
These were the foundations for our progress.
Now we're going into the camera phase.
I'll play Benjamin.
I had a strong will to never do that.
I don't want to live in that house.
It's always been that way.
The mind is what drives us into our destiny.
I've had an unforgettable fight.
"On that day, she's going to do a lot of dentures."
What was the hardest job you've ever had?
Maybe there's a clue to find some new food.
We have a small but optimistic view of the situation.
The children are learning at school.
This is our network.
But why do you have such a high profile body?
"Now, I'm going to seduce a four-year-old for dinner."
"It's time with family, time with friends,"
"Time for fun, my own delight."
"And live for the work, the accomplishment, and the control."
"Because, in nature, flies are a recycle system."
I'll handle these with some basic equipment.
"The last step, of course, is the use."
What does a beautiful woman look like?
The audience thought you were wearing wooden boots.
And now you're no more of a survivor than I am.
What is brain magic?
I'll take you to your car.
I'll see what I can do.
Where are we?
"You're gonna be okay, right?"
Let's just do this the hard way.
"Remember his name, himself."
Why would such extreme growth lead to international crime?
This case meant a great deal to me personally.
But it happened in Eastern Europe.
Vulcan was a good place to start it.
Five million people have died in午後--
It's the fastest ride in Europe.
You can't make any limits to that.
Let's see what Mr. Springs has to say.
Which means cyber crime should be taken into account.
"If there's anything that matches you, put your hands up."
How do I know they're right?
Here's the first problem with a textbook model.
"Now, the third question."
But what's causing that change?
"In this sense, science is essentiallyっていた."
You learn it naturally in your life.
"I followed the ladder, the runes, and the springs."
I want to know what's going on.
This is the theme of our time.
I've been out on a lot of things.
We've reached a town called Flackville.
There seems to be something we haven't seen.
"At first, I was thinking of going to India."
That's the photo I'm showing you.
There are only a lot of people living on the hills.
This photo is one of three shifts.
Sit down. It's about 20 minutes break.
"They refuse to move, they don't negotiate."
This photo is taken from a jewel group just outside Shanghai.
There are about five or six employees on this floor.
You're not allowed in or out.
This has something to do with California and Silicon Valley.
I hope you'll give me a chance to look at the website.
There was a talk about that the other day.
What's going on inside?
"But even good design has its limits, but even good design has its limits."
The imagination is what your brain sees.
It's not our creation.
I can't control it.
"As close as we get, we stop."
She couldn't figure it out.
My grandfather was a high-born judge.
And I saw a big wheel floating in the air.
It happens all of a sudden.
Sometimes things get very complicated.
"She's gotta admit, she's got a lot of footage."
It was the frog Kermit I used to see.
I want to know what that feels like.
I wonder what happened to them.
I won't forget that Tuesday night.
It's unique and interesting.
I saw Aston Martin this morning.
"As a matter of fact, I'm invisible too."
There are many things in the paper towel hoard.
"It takes hundreds of years, thousands of years to decommission plastic."
But this mistake will lead us to an unexpected discovery.
It's like this.
This is going to get even worse.
The rumors about the system going down are exaggerating.
A lot of Republicans would like to maintain the defense cost.
There's nothing in the most famous economic theory of all time that has completely succeeded.
"As long as there's money, there's nothing wrong with it."
The infirmary's waiting room is overrun.
What will they do there?
In the top 10 hospitals in the U.S.
There are half a million college students in New York alone.
Do you have any food to eat with your medication?
So here's my proposal.
You can do that again.
- You want me to recommend it to you?
"I mean, we just have to do it."
Bye bye.
I'm not so much of a designer.
This is what happens when you don't think twice about it.
Dad. Dad.
The music on the note is a little scary.
What's wrong with him?
I can't walk. What happened?
It's not like that.
"They'll be relieved, they'll be drawn."
Being human.
"Apparently, you were mistaken for believing that being me was a contraception."
There's still a war about religion.
"Today, instead of standing in front of nature's mess"
"Oh, my God. I have a lot of work to do."
They only feed on the honey. They grow up.
He's walking backwards with his head down.
So how do you detect that lead?
That was the very next question.
It's almost the same as our temperature.
"One, two, three, three, four, four, five, five, six, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, eight."
We've moved him to a new place.
We don't know if he's using you.
It's a house waiting to cross the border.
They started digging holes in their hands with shovels.
I'll show you one more time.
There was another surprise.
But this is not the end of the story.
They're all in the same place.
It's a very good solution to this problem.
Patrick didn't give up on his dream of a new life.
This is the greatest problem our society is facing.
And you don't have to worry about the sleepovers.
There's no limit to seats at a virtual college.
"Finally, trust in each other to learn."
Human beings are local milk.
"Finally, I've got a sneak peek of Iwago."
And then I discovered this sneaky green campfire.
"Well, I'm a goo biology."
They're creating a blind spot that they can actually see.
That's why I've been able to see the radiation from the neural cells.
I'd say it's a random extraction from the motherfucking community.
This group often puts aすぐに-issued terrorist leash.
I can't talk to anyone at all.
There are many ways to communicate.
"We, the diplomatists, should be involved in this profound change."
"But in this strategy, it's hard to see progress."
We sell 1 billion Cokees every day.
"So, what's the next step in the Equestria?"
But it does. Look at these headlines.
The women refuse to marry a man without a toilet.
"When I look at a country like India,"
And there are 25 million vaccines.
Because more people would have been infected.
It's not a crime scene.
I'm just thinking about the world's situation today.
Most of the traffic has been improved.
It doesn't actually look like a vehicle.
The cameras were taking her.
He asked me to introduce him.
[ machine loud] [ music] [ applause]
Here are some ethical principles.
We're here to have some fun.
This is the idea that everything is defined.
"In fact, Newton and Locke are friends."
They were thinking the same thing.
It hasn't changed in 50 years.
"The city's got a lot of traffic, and it's got to be safer."
It's so easy on the screen.
We've got a new design for the streets.
This is what we talk about.
This is what we talk about.
That's where my name came from.
I've seen something like this.
It's a camera taken by Mr. Cassini.
It's the Earth we've captured from a distance of 12 billion kilometers.
He's always been accused.
I've taken a name from a Starbuck character.
"Well, that's unusual, because it's not good enough."
You're all wonderful customers.
"And these lambs, they're like this."
Because we're finally getting to the waste treatment plant.
I'm still being turned around by the industry.
I thought my throat was gonna burn.
The solvent that's making this very efficient.
I'd like to introduce you to a few partners.
Do we have a right to know?
Thank you for shareing my issues with you. Thank you.
Some people call it education and health.
This is a recent photograph.
"Well, it's allセX."
The oxygen tank didn't work properly.
That's what I'm talking about.
It's designed to fit in a socket.
Oxygen transportation is not state of the art.
What's so special about a human brain?
I don't think he's human.
"First, lock the atoms in special containers."
Dancing makes science a lot easier to understand.
Before you believe me.
"From this experience, I have come up with a small proposal."
There's no need to argue with numbers.
How did people react to this?
"Because the cost is so low, you have to drive too fast."
I think we should see more market activity.
And that's what's going to make this decision in real time.
"From now on, it's the age of Adhook, a free network with a goth."
(Laughs) It's also a mesh network.
Let me give you some examples.
Two locks.
It's a curve of space.
Einstein will be here in the next week.
I thought it didn't actually exist in nature.
Then imagine you're in a big van.
"Come on, make me a watcher!"
And then a little girl came to me.
"They believe in Christianity, Muslimness, and Jews."
We have to fight whoever's trying to break this.
The idea is getting shorter.
I'm sure there's a lot of them here.
I love this story.
I was taken away by an orphanage.
Recyclement is a big problem in China.
Blow water and drink.
And men are affected by these rules.
I can't believe a woman's rights champion brought her religion into this!
She's on the Taliban target list.
"If I ask you about safety, you're gonna lose your shoulder."
We can use our traditions to make a difference.
I've changed my role as a mother and a father.
"Even when I was younger, it was already like that."
"I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, ""I'm going to say, ""I'm going to say,"
I've been invited by the TED to give a talk.
Our parents' job is to raise and watch over their children.
I was pretty excited about the morphine.
"I mean, like, ""A tri-gun-mounted prototype robot."
It's got a hybrid wheel and a leg.
It could be used for the purposes of search and rescue.
There are a lot of people here to visit the lab.
You can climb these walls.
I'm talking about a part of the app's screen.
The sensors haven't been activated yet.
Open loop control.
It's an international soccer tournament with a bunch of robots.
It was done in China in '95.
There's a lot of other talents at work here.
How'd you come up with that?
How do you think you're evolving your ideas?
There are five secrets.
I don't know where to start.
It's how you get the flash of imagination.
How do you develop such an idea?
That's how they grow their ideas.
These are the tools we need.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
"Oh, tell me more."
Have you ever been asked how to split up?
I've been made to solve the mystery since I was born.
How about this puzzle we've invented?
"You're building order from chaos, aren't you?"
He's trying to decode the world.
"All of a sudden, everyone turned away."
I'm right here.
"Well, that's good enough."
Keep looking. It's hidden under the chair.
There's a name up there.
Isn't it amazing?
Humans find order in chaos.
How do they feel about me being younger?
I was born with a disease.
I've created a face of perfect compass.
Benjamin must be someone who brings a lot of sympathy.
It's been going on for about five weeks.
I did a lot of cheats and shortcuts.
This is the actor.
And this is the performance of the actor who plays the body.
And it's a re-created image.
And then I created a system that focuses on the eyes.
Then I needed a system that was specialized for mouths.
He changed his teeth over time.
A smile is nothing but a smile.
This is Benjamin. Thank you.
You tell me what you know.
I'll wave my flags and cheer them up
"Yeah, I didn't heal any diseases."
It is my right as it is the queen's right.
Thank you for your time.
Thank you. Thank you.
It's easy. Let's sing together.
"♫ Let's send a message ♫ Come on, sing it"
There's a Jewish book that I love.
Just like the rest of you.
They gave me a uniform in the back room.
"Sofia's a little over the age of 70, isn't she?"
"In S Washilian, the name of the great love."
There's a lot of people who want to read it...
She risks her life even though she's scared.
Her face was swelling up like a watermelon.
Here we go. Here we go.
The most dangerous thing I've ever done is killings.
I don't want to be better. I want to be better.
"When I was a child, I was overwhelmed by these questions."
Don't run around in the dark.
I had to lower this increase.
This photo made the country news.
"American Coke, of course."
It's either Coke or Pe靴.
And it's time to move on to the next level.
I'll give it to you later.
May the next Olympics save lives.
Everybody's got to be there.
90 percent of the funds are coming fromレーing.
It should be one of those human rights.
"Otherwise, people can't get rid of the poor."
"It's called ""The school uses to develop a community."
It's aけて-sized.
What happens after the light disappears?
Honeycombs can be reshaped in the process of growing.
The fire報se begins in this childhood.
They're flying in the sky and they're throwing the light.
"By the way, where are the females?"
And the males approach and fire the light once more.
So what does a female measure the sexuality of an male?
"It's not just sweetness, it's brightness."
I don't know.
"You can focus on your past positive, or negative."
"The past is more positive, and a little higher in the future."
And this substance is also used in packing.
"Well, here's what we're going to talk to the mushrooms."
It's a lot faster than the usual crops.
It's a network of発見s.
"Matthew Bernie's ""Clears"
Here's the enlargement.
Did you feel anything?
You made a move this time.
"Hold on, both of you."
Tell me where the paper cup is.
Which means the police didn't work.
That's what we call the mob.
But what about in the democracy?
It's the freedom of the international financial market.
"It affects our communications, our pension fund."
It's a pleasure to have you here.
Scientists say the world is warming up.
Most chemists aren't an expert on evolution.
Why do they trust each other?
This is the first step in proving the theory.
Which means the law has something to do with it.
And that relationship always happens.
The main problem is that it's wrong.
It's a logical problem.
It wasn't.
This black line is real.
Scientists often say yes.
"No"" might be a word for it."
Power is the whole of science.
Most people get up in the morning.
The cameras caught the signal.
But we are completely cut off from these ages.
We're looking forward to this new technology.
This is the city hall.
It's got tuxedos and flowers on it.
The domestic companies were easier than they were.
It was only started about 14 months ago.
"This way, we won't have to rely on番 fuel."
You'll be less addicted to energy.
The man who smiles at me.
"And then one night, the scene changed."
Cats and dogs.
I did what she said.
It doesn't just show up and disappear.
It's called reverse vision.
And the second one is often the  that's right.
Kermit doesn't mean anything to me.
Wouldn't you be worried?
"Ladies and gentlemen, please speak up."
Even if you think it can't be done on a wooden paper...
It's the worst temperature I've ever seen.
Thank you.
Let me explain.
I'm in favor of health and medical insurance.
This is a big mistake.
I'm guessing that's about a quarter of the party.
This tends to change.
But I'm never spoken to on our behalf.
It's the same thing that Hamilton and Jefferson argued about.
What's scary is that the world sees this.
What about insurance to pay the prescription?
What should we do?
That's what I was told.
"I say, ""What?"
They'll say hello.
"They're talented scientists, artists, writers."
"John, each of these things should be made for the purpose of using them."
My father used to design everything he did.
It's important how you play it.
Even if you move around the airport with the Swiss.
"We're supposed to act with a purpose, a design."
(Laughs) This feels good.
Maybe that's what's causing it.
It's like an accident I've had. It's coming from nowhere.
There's been a riot in the center of Kins mouth.
I want to show you something.
My designs are strong and sophisticated American made.
I'm sure she'd be happy. I'm sure she'd understand.
All I could think about was design for a while.
"Two weeks later, the police stopped them."
They visited the city's deputy's office.
I didn't get a simple picture.
And then I found the first surprise.
"Your muscles are congealed, but nothing happens."
This has really bothered me.
That's what I'm talking about.
University education is expensive. We all know that.
Thank you.
We didn't have to think of anything entirely new.
A normal college needs to do what a virtual college doesn't need.
It was a future figure five years ago.
Theユニバー City of the People has now been fully authenticated.
This image is completely wrong. It's completely wrong.
That's why I wanted to follow this further.
An extraordinary creature that gives birth to a male.
They are mysterious fish.
But what does this mean to the shark?
"I'm guessing from thespectrometer, that's how much of the galaxy is out there."
Let's start with the problem of generalization.
I might be able to do it without looking.
Let's see what the baby does.
Let's see what the baby does.
I'll tell you two things at the end.
"First of all, this research is out of the ordinary."
I'll know there's a tradition for that.
A group of social workers held a demonstration in the city.
Let's start with the data.
He keeps giving the feed back at Cokeicala.
Let's see what we can find out about the development assistance.
What about medical and development assistance?
I think that's a mistake.
It's about working with that community.
"And more importantly, saving people's lives."
It's my heart's happiness.
No one's gonna let that go.
It's used in the parking lot.
They've been using cell phones since the beginning.
And this relationship's network is evolving.
We're calling this a relative universe.
I'm pretty sure they don't like it.
It's a six-month trial.
The data was everything.
It was a great success.
It's a map of '95.
We've traveled a thousand times around the world.
Their uses continue to increase.
I'm just looking into the streets.
About 500 kilometers in the air.
I'd like to show you the Encorruption.
This was taken when Cassini went down.
This is the weirdest picture I've ever seen.
It's a type 1a super- 新 star explosion.
And I took pictures of this Earth.
"I'm aware of that, Mr.データ."
I don't have feelings.
Nice to meet you.
Now for the first time.
One of them fell out of nowhere.
He's not breathing.
You're going to learn a lot.
That's it for today.
How was my first act?
We're going to have to make a lot more of it.
The decision was to protect the swamp.
"In this case, there's oil in the water."
There's another scenario here.
Which is why the authorities are completely misunderstood.
They haven't been identified.
It's my specialty.
It's a big problem for the nigerians to perform a heart鳴ch.
Does he look happy?
There's quite a bit of equipment that's been donated.
What are we going to do without him?
Twelve heart operations have been performed successfully.
Have you ever seen anything like this?
There are a few basic characteristics.
Then what about our brains?
It's just that the human brain is the brain of a great psychopath.
Then how did they get here?
I have a master's in吹lary biology.
I'm surprised it's working.
The cells move in shape.
"The next case is Portsmouth, England."
How can we build a giant network?
You can see the moon because of the reflective light.
"If you mess up the perimeter, you'll know that it exists."
It's also a curve of space.
Earth can't hide behind a black hole.
"It's like when you're listening to it at home, it's like you don't give a damn."
This is also the predicted sound of our group.
Two black holes approaching each other.
And finally it's fused.
It's an unpleasant sound.
"It's literally the definition of ""noise."
I'm really careful.
I'm saying it's the best airport in the world.
"Together, we change the world."
Let me tell you a story.
Of my mother and three children.
A child died at the scene.
We work hard every day.
I went to Nashville instead.
There's a voice inside you that's calling.
I've performed in thousands of shows.
People change all the time. They're not stable.
And this is actually good news.
The purpose of living turned into protecting itself.
I went to a refugee camp inろうとa.
"I saved 1,500 women from being removed."
These are not my weapons.
Looks like a regular needle.
Another group?
Her relatives came by and surrounded her.
I put a white Sully on you.
I'm gonna wipe Bingley off her forehead.
That's why we blend in in思い出s.
"One night, she dreamed."
They were tired of the war.
Seems that思い and the others have had enough of that.
The video clearly shows a police officer's face.
"He's got a nasty face, and he's late."
Fire from below.
And they need an ally.
It's definitely coming our way.
( Laughs)
Me neither. They were applause.
Thank you.
I wanted to try this joke.
I've changed my role as a child.
They're getting over it right there.
But that's not what I'm looking for.
I'll tell you one more time.
A bad role model...
"I literally called it ""re-invention of the wheel."
You can't go there with a loader now.
It's an air-powered robot hand with a bulletproof cord.
I've developed a new reactor for the joints.
It's a completely overwhelming kind of thing.
Let's take a look at some type of lovecoming.
It's being discarded and forgotten.
What's that?
"Have you ever been pregnant before, and you can tell by the looks of it?"
I'm going to look into it on the Internet.
I've been trying to solve the mystery ever since.
Don't start yet.
Owl.
The date is March 18th. The date is today.
You've got a lot more hair than before.
He's an interesting man.
Here's the example.
The skin samples were lacking.
I had to complete the light effect this time.
It's based on Brad's teeth.
Benjamin's in a nursing home.
"It's true, the author was always acting like a contract with the devil."
It's from the shipyard.
I've been waiting for you.
Your Majesty is aboard.
My place isn't here.
I want to live a life bigger than this city.
There is such a passionate story.
"No education, no freedom."
"Brave, passionate Jenny."
"Today, millions of women are in this situation."
They're poor people.
What is the world we want?
I want to make this world a better place.
But the technology of protection is behind us.
Shooting at gunpoint.
But we're not defined for this.
"Mom, we're good to go."
Thank you for your time.
Quiet. Stay still.
It's done itself and unconsciously.
"To others, it's none of my business now."
They're focusing on the predictable consequences.
You can set your mind for the future.
And the past negative and the present are always low.
It's in your body.
Because biology is a product.
The first reason is that we can use free materials.
We don't need any new technology for this.
What if I could change the shape of the ship?
The wind can be captured both ways.
This was done in Dutch.
A new nature of sailboat.
To replace the competition with cooperation.
"Basically, license."
It's a matter of civil rights.
These are very simple terms.
Even that was fun.
You think you can read with your fingers?
Come on.
I'll take the blindfold off.
"Oh, my God."
"Okay, open your eyes."
"One, two, three, four."
Put your hands on the paper cup.
Okay.
I'll tell you everything.
Do you remember these people?
The justice system didn't work properly.
He said the vaccine would be safe.
Why should we believe in science?
A modern car rarely fails.
What we're interested in is the information inside the computer.
It's very interesting to play with paper.
"But after that, it's going to happen."
It took 15 days for the water supply.
And this is the newly built city.
And there's a dorm for the employees.
This is a five-level bridge in Shanghai.
Ten hours a day at this speed.
We need a more efficient response.
I work in a nursing home.
My grandfather recognized it as a hallucination.
There's no such thing as a handkerchief.
That's all I remember.
I've also been hallucinating.
They're gonna seduce me. They're gonna insult me.
He's standing in an intersection.
I was waiting for her to--
"Well, charlie's a bit different."
It's gotta be somewhere.
Look at the blindness of the world.
Thank you.
It's like it's going to stop itself.
(Laughs)
The towels that come out are too big.
But there's only one problem.
And then the temperature started falling.
"When I look back at these photos,"
So we've been thinking.
Thank you.
"But unlike Greece, we have 20 years of time."
All you have to do is turn them down.
But there's a problem with the wealth being stored in the wrong place.
But there's a problem with the wealth being stored in the wrong place.
"I mean, the social security system is relatively easily agreed."
I can give each patient 13 minutes.
"But the truth is, I've been beaten."
These are used for us.
That's how the health lease began.
Same as in the infirmary waiting room.
Do you think there's any way to get to the shipyard?
Thank you.
It's the history we've fought for.
"First of all,"
Who do you want to get involved in in the city?
There's no way you're going to ignore the skin color.
It reminds me of the serial killer Jeffrey Damer and the politician Colin Powell.
Because not everyone's trying to punish you.
These people are powerful missionaries.
A loving grandfather and a hearty son.
Magic is a very private field.
Let's see what we can do.
Let's try this.
"He's not normal, anyway."
"We're supposed to act with a purpose, a design."
"Soon, this ajax will be born."
Africa is very hot.
Look at the beetle's reaction.
They can see the prevailing light.
You did it again.
"One hot, one cool."
I called it the Cow boots.
It's called the Paquiquita.
I don't want to beautiful poor people.
I was struck by one wall right away.
That's where I offered you one.
It's a coven.
I'm sure you'll notice that people are chasing for the land.
He believes in the power of education.
"First of all, rubble and malts cost money."
We've been showing this model the effectiveness.
Sounds like an underwater light show.
So how do we investigate this?
Look at all this beauty.
It's quite a thrill.
It was mostly an event at a shallow depth.
"Some of theに対してs may be 1,000 years old."
My dreams are like this.
You can hit him or hit him.
"I mean, it can't be a randomly pulled data."
What about the baby?
It's the results of the experiment.
I'm gonna need a few seconds of footage.
It doesn't have to ring all the time.
"Please let me try, Clara."
"One, two, three. Go!"
The mind creates a whole new kind of thought.
The child understands the whole world.
"People know things, their nature."
Thank you.
There's a darkness in this world.
I'm afraid we're going to need a military intrusion.
Looks like everybody's agreeing now.
Let's take one more step.
This is where the revolution is going.
Is that how you call us a compromiser?
I'm starting to see new signs.
They also built a basketball court.
There's even a church.
This residence is called Yo Don.
They're using it as a warehouse for crops.
"Ladies and gentlemen, before you approach, did you set up a bathroom without a toilet?"
I'm just waiting to be interrogated.
And this success is quite possible.
I wish I could have said that.
And this is certainly a remarkable achievement.
You're going with the shoes.
These are close.
It's about the Lonecraft.
I can paint a lot of things.
Ten million miles per hour.
You're hiding in the wilderness.
We fund everything in England.
It's an enきっと.
やり is an ice satellite.
The hunt is set in motion.
It's quite a surprise.
It's made up of carbon and oxygen.
Boyger's on a small probe.
You're lucky.
And these go to the waste site for electronic equipment.
Things are becoming more and more serious.
It turns out there's something going on in the bedroom.
It's like a delivery guy for FedEx.
We're learning from past oil crashes.
It's a very sensitive airway.
This is a commonly used means of cleansing in Nigella.
This is the problem.
"And yet, I performed a heart incision."
This photo was taken last year.
So do you.
What's the advantage of being human?
That's the food.
Why do you drive so much?
Something like this could happen.
We've got a lot of communications in place.
It hurts to see the sun in the daylight.
I can't see it with my own eyes.
It's not enough.
One of them is the group here.
"Well, of course at that time."
This is the last time.
It's over.
"Mom, you have to understand."
I can agree with that.
Stop the oil sandwich.
All of these things.
It's important to all of us.
"Hi, guys."
Our work for peace is very creative.
It's hard work.
He's the winner of theの世界 Peace Prize.
She's running for office now.
Someone who'd like to take part.
It's not that bad.
She's in high school.
They're watering each other. They're having fun.
I took away her colored Sally.
I like rocks.
I want to spread that campaign to our country.
All of these books have been written out of good will.
People with kids get more stressed than people without children.
Then how did this happen?
He's got a steady job.
Dad's alone in his room.
I don't have a library.
Your troubled character is there.
I've just had a C-section.
I whispered it in his ear.
It's a repeated drop process.
Let me show you where it's going.
"That's amazing, right?"
That's how the windshield bends.
I've developed an appropriate walking planner.
It's a armour robot.
This is the arm of A.D.P.D.
This year in Australia.
Our education is very important.
Do pregnant women have sex?
Most of the answers were negative.
I'm sure you'll find it difficult to accept sexism.
I don't know what to think.
That's exactly what I am.
Let's see what we can do to solve your riddles.
Someone's screaming at you.
Are you excited?
"Hey, Gwen, do you mind?"
Looks like the same.
Let's get a good look at it.
The New York Times.
What disease?
Benjamin: Born by an old man.
A lot of things have changed.
I felt good.
He became the lead singer.
But there's one thing I know.
That's why I've been paying attention to the motion capture.
And give up motion capture.
He made a scene in a movie.
The other thing that matters is how the skin moves.
"And in time, I'll start to think about it."
On the contrary.
I was compromised by an idea.
She's pregnant and a widow.
A woman represents未来 reaches未来 reaches全て of the human race.
Working out in the day?
I'll give you an example.
But we're not using advanced technology.
Why is your homework so important?
Next up are the school teachers.
That's why I asked the doctors.
That's why our efforts weren't helpful.
I'm glad you liked it.
You can have a condom inside the cab.
It's a condom for warming up.
This is not a handout.
It's a photograph of a tie tuリップ.
Are we having a conversation with each other?
"It's been working so well together, it's been glowing."
"To me, honey is fascinating."
How romantic.
The biggest reason we're doing this is because we're shrinking.
What makes you decide?
What would the future sacrifice to succeed?
It's usually in the back.
This is the most wide view today.
I could be a meta-human.
Something that's going to add up to a Plus.
The society is full of possibilities.
Do what I do.
Really?
Give me your hands.
But what if it's one of them?
Apparently there were people like this.
The answer is six.
Bernie Madoff stole a billion dollars.
And they're terribly successful.
It's not that hard.
"Yeah, I'm fine here."
The test is over.
Why should we trust science?
It takes a few hours on Sunday.
And I think we should believe that.
How do we do that?
Maybe it was the rain.
I trust my own car.
We'd like to know things.
"You can watch movies, of course."
Wow.
But I also think that it's very important that we continue.
And it keeps happening.
I'm sure you'll understand.
That density is incredible.
We need an active system.
"I mean, to the neighbors."
I went to see him.
Even though I knew it was a hallucination.
I can't control it.
I looked into it very carefully.
You're having Charleson's罪.
You start hallucinating.
I don't know what this means.
I wanted to talk to you.
I see things.
I've been hallucinating. I've been hallucinating. I've been hallucinating.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. I'll get your hands wet.
Let me tell you a secret.
They're stopping on their own.
I'll get you a towel in half.
Let's save toilet paper next year.
What do you think about the accident?
But isn't it all bad?
But let me tell you something.
It's a hard area to deal with.
Let me give you two examples.
That's why I tried.
That's Amador Diaz.
Sean Bell.
Sometimes Oscar Grant.
And it could be Trey電話 Martin.
It's a way out of denial.
Please don't try to be a good person.
"Yes, it is."
Here's the problem.
Who are we avoiding?
Five million people have made it.
I've got kids with me.
Because we won't say anything.
I'm not having sex.
And to my business associates.
Pull back.
Try again.
You heard him.
The song is merely a diversion.
It makes people feel like they're on board.
The people on board control their own lives.
"It's a different class, basically."
The purpose is the mark of civilization.
Five. Five.
That was really nice. I could have bought this.
That's not a good idea.
I've seen his reaction.
You've started dancing a lot.
There's an intelligent experimenter here.
A very beautiful structure.
Let's meet some of them.
She can't pay her grades.
Everything you do here is free.
"Today, it becomes a reality."
It's a male.
Let's go back to our useful practical example.
Maybe it's only blue.
It could be a specimen.
"For example, this baby..."
Things don't work out for him.
Go play.
Let's see what we can do.
Let me try again.
Go play.
The baby is a genius.
The first one was a baby.
Their abilities are so powerful.
This is how the diner ended up.
(Laughs) This is torture. It's funny.
You all have a good sense.
It's a wonderful thing to do.
Do you have a minute?
Do you mind?
That's what we're broadcasting.
The white one or the black one.
You can take your seats whenever you want.
It doesn't matter.
Should I talk toマス?
And their knowledge helped.
Thank you for your time.
Then why is this important?
It's about giving them a chance.
Can you believe it?
How the hell did you lose it?
"And when I say how it ends,"
We're almost there.
This is exciting.
It's half full.
It's worth 32 billion people.
"No matter how this thing works,"
Let me explain.
But the result was excellent.
Five shops opened.
It's in this photograph.
We don't need to go into space anymore.
There's no need to be shy.
It's just a robot.
And he's in a state of shock.
The Mirakuru forms around the oil.
"And since David Garo is one of them, he is also one of them."
I've already got over it.
Do you remember the oil we talked about?
But let's keep going.
So I've calculated.
The laser light is different.
I'm sure it'll be helpful.
Let me tell you about the great vision I have.
So is there a fatal flaw?
You should start getting ready.
Thank you.
I'm gonna scavenge the deブリ.
The black hole will continue to exercise.
It might have ringed.
I can't hear you.
Here on Earth is our life.
Thank you.
"I mean, it's a human safety issue."
Protecting the tigers.
The mother was Myred's sister.
And that's what's going on.
Grab it with your hand.
She started singing.
We're all refugees.
Her name's Sa swe sweena YakuBI.
She's a much more practical person.
He was happy.
Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
I'm not very happy about marriage.
The child was thought to be a financial asset.
I'm glad that's true.
I made two prototypes.
That's the C.P.R.
I didn't remotely operate it.
There he is!
It's also seen in ads.
"The first one is called ""The light woman."
"Baby, puppy, kitten."
He doesn't even have a face.
She's cute.
From chaos to order.
This is an eternity's hope.
Really?
The chickens are green.
My favorite.
chaos and order.
I hope the footage gets better.
I'm sorry.
Are you sick?
I've been filming about 325 patterns.
It was far from finished.
Its numbers have gone on and on in infinity.
This is our 80 year old Benjamin.
I've seen it over and over.
She asked me to direct her act.
It took me a while to get here.
This is a terrible thing.
And then we'll go and we'll go.
It's all passion.
I'm like a fridge.
The reef is a safe house.
The reef is an artist.
We can change it from here.
I can't help it.
All the people must be joined.
I did it.
How?
Do you really need firewood?
Because there's no biological compromise.
It's a waste.
Biological returns are very high.
But what do we do about natural power?
What's an open hardware?
What's the plan for the future?
This has been a great opportunity for me.
What's a fascinating body?
How are you?
Keep your forehead straight.
It's about organized crime.
Where are they going?
Let's take Mexico.
They'll break into our bank accounts.
- Yes?
That's why I started collecting data.
It's really amazing.
"In fact, it's very hot."
"There's a temperature, of course."
What's this supposed to mean?
He was his grandfather.
He was in surgery for corrective care.
His eyesight was pretty bad.
Give it a good shake.
(Laughs)
Sounds good.
Give it a good shake.
Give it a good shake.
I can't stop shaking.
But there was a problem.
"And at the end of the day, what about medical insurance?"
"I thought the economy was about to collapse, but nothing happened."
Thank you for listening.
"That it's worth three things, that sound gives it to the guests."
They need a lot of time.
Who are you afraid of?
It's a false ideal to ignore a gray color.
Okay.
Who's in your circle?
I'm sorry.
Looks like you figured it out.
"John, each of these things should be made for the purpose of using them."
Look at this.
My intentions have completely changed things.
It's like an accident I've had. It's coming from nowhere.
We were all looking for an answer to a question.
I needed a purpose to live.
I need a designer for the real world.
And here I am.
Do you know the difference?
You're here.
You have no idea what you're talking about.
Thank you.
And you can't even quit your job.
Let me show you what we're doing.
The footage we took.
And then I found it.
We'll be walking around the room.
And this is my home.
"First of all, you're on TV."
There's two things I'm worried about.
You must have been quite surprised by it.
"Well, here's the key!"
What kind of decision?
It's not going to last.
There's a lot of natural gas.
He owns the stock now.
You're right.
I'm just kidding.
"Two suns, two worlds."
And this one's been transferred.
We were so excited.
I've been experimenting.
It'll take years to complete.
We've all been artists since we were born.
"And as the story grows,"
But the kids don't care.
I'm not tired of playing.
I don't know about crows.
I think so.
So what do we do?
That's right.
It's a demon.
art is the ultimate goal.
I'm touched.
rick-nehu.
So what is this moment's music now?
That's why I started the game.
I just feel like something's wrong.
It's the same as asking a terrible favor.
The Resistance is one of them.
It's a stock market.
So what's the real threat to humanity?
Everybody has one.
I'm really sorry it happened.
"I mean, the power of the powers of the powers."
Look at this.
Let's say I'm a farmer who catches fish.
It'll increase the production rate.
"If the phone is a means of production,"
I've come up with a network of cell phone stations.
She said no everywhere.
Why would poor neighborhoods cost so much?
Can't they help without education?
A lot of people learned how to use a phone in one day.
I don't know how it's going to play out.
Same thing happens in the office.
"All right, here comes the batter."
There's another way to see it.
I've also seen secrets.
Fight or surrender?
When are you gonna give up?
No one died because of it.
But that would require training.
Then how do you face your fear?
"I always tell myself,"
Fear is a child.
Then make a plan.
You don't believe that?
計画's been subpoenaed to court in London.
There is a vast market.
"(Laughs) We ordered 10,000 units."
I don't think there's a chance.
This is Jamesologize.
It's a really amazing story.
We're drowning in a sea of news.
It's just one company.
"The Fort Hood bombing, or what?"
We have many questions.
So I asked you a question.
Do you understand?
"Actually, there's a problem."
And... nothing.
"Still, I'm going this way."
The birth is in the interest of the public.
This pay-as-you-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-to-go-to-go-to-go-to-go-to-go-to-go-to-go-to-go-to-go-to-go-to-go-to-go-to-go-to-go-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be-to-be
This is an American matter.
The change in the environment is slow.
Running patterns.
He's approaching.
You have three seconds.
Let's look at two examples.
I wish you all the best of a hearing.
"And yet, people volunteered to cooperate."
All I'm saying is there's a better luck with the numbers now.
This is an unexpected situation.
It's getting more serious.
It's about five meters long.
The whole arm. No shoulder joints.
A combination of those things.
I'm gonna bite your nose.
I'm completely lost.
"Yeah, well, the bees have health care."
I've discovered that this propane is a natural disすぎr and antibiotic.
What's going on?
"I've stopped planting caterpillars, such as clover and alpha."
And there's a problem with the bugs.
I'm a balloon-destrocker. That's exactly my name.
It's getting more and more dangerous.
The orders are different.
It's blood. That's what I'm talking about.
Let me give you an example.
The solution is interconnected.
It's how we work together.
Who's going to carry that burden?
There's no reason to bear it.
We're going to need a political solution.
This is Tahoe Square.
Sometimes there's no other way.
"For example, public health."
It's not gonna last.
I'm not saying we're making much progress.
"I don't know if I can really do it, but I'm going to keep trying."
People show up.
Bicycle wear is rising.
I've never felt better.
It's a small satellite.
It's an incredible discovery.
I think it means something.
The Earth rising from the moon.
It's a show about scientific discoveries and technology.
Let's look at the angle.
"Hello, TEDwomen."
Would you like to hear a joke?
Thank you very much.
I've written a report.
An independent researcher found it.
It's Misaki.
Sylvia Earle.
Thank you very much.
It's quite strange.
That's not possible.
And so does Darwin.
Thank you very much.
Hello.
A round of applause
I'm so scared.
That's not enough.
Re-electing Mayor livingston of London.
Zero a month.
I mean...
They'll find us!
Will it happen again?
I'm just doing my job.
It's about taking action.
Unbelievable.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I destroyed her arms.
But Sakina is out of the question.
It made me nervous.
They have to negotiate.
"What was the beginning of the ""movenber campaign""?"
I pay taxes.
What do you think it was?
I want to be.
Don't judge anything.
"Math, microscopic equations."
"You're an old man, right?"
It's disgusting.
It's awkward.
It's hard.
How?
It was just a thing.
"Yeah, me too."
Go ahead.
All right then.
Please change the color.
Maybe not.
It was deemed impossible.
He was a popular man.
This is Jacky White's song.
The queen looks at me.
Because that's my right.
Why?
I'm going to have a baby.
I know a lot about women.
It happened at the women's clinic.
I'd say the reef is a peasants.
The reef is a chemist.
Thank you very much.
They all learned that.
It's not just running around.
What happened after that?
That's the difference.
Maybe it's just these memories.
Fireworks can be dangerous.
Promise. Bye.
It's not much fun right now.
Thank you very much.
The first is the materials.
Then why do you use a fungal?
Because it takes a lot of force.
They don't call you a cripple.
It's so weird.
I didn't touch you.
And the remor.
Thank you very much.
Let's get started.
You're all human.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
A view completely altered by humans.
Everything is efficient.
Why?
We need an active system.
It's one of our para Sauls.
And then it'll change again.
It's just blindness.
She was scared.
I'm gonna make a fool of you.
You could get involved.
It smells like burnt flesh.
I don't see anything else.
I'm sure you can.
Four times.
This is the type that's been cut since the beginning.
It's so cold.
Thank you.
"Cool, huh?"
The Republicans are more determined to increase the defense cost than the party.
"No, it's ours."
What do you think?
What we need is real people.
No problem for the pilot.
It's a魔法 in my head.
It's a male record.
Who's your standard?
Who are you counting on?
You're a romantic comedian.
The difference is the intention.
It changes people's way of thinking.
That was really nice. I could have bought this.
"In front of the chaos we created, what do we do?"
That's not gonna happen.
Look around the world. Pick one place.
Debbie's from Florida.
Jael's from Syria.
It doesn't exist.
Broad bands aren't necessary.
Thank you.
That's where I am.
I'll look into it.
(ボール rings) Wow.
Here's how it works.
We even heal people like that.
Thank you.
I'm going out.
It's inside the leg.
This is my home.
They're really good people.
"It's called ""The emotional collector."
I'm sure of it.
It won't last.
They're active in every location.
"To me, it's a life."
I hope so.
Do you think that's a good story?
How about this?
But there's nothing wrong with it.
That's the word.
This is a tree.
This is Mr. Mountain.
I'll be able to communicate with him.
Bill wasn't the same.
Because I've seen it myself.
Thank you.
Which means it's useless and useless.
I wish.
It's a work ofべき carry.
Locked away in a cage.
It's our tragedy.
The young man's name is Jared.
'Cause there's a across.
We're already soaked in it.
This is my collection.
Are we gonna be okay today?
It's possible.
The virus will be defeated.
Almost nothing has changed.
Thank you.
Thank you.
This is my computer.
We're almost there.
Thank you for listening.
That's my point of view. Let's start with my story.
I've begun to address this issue.
I've improved my ability to do that.
Then what's the more effective way?
I'm a grown man.
It's been quiet out there.
Thank you very much.
What about global politics?
"It's very interesting, isn't it?"
It's about New York.
We're getting closer.
It's our first story.
These are not choices.
How's the baby?
I'm starting to lose weight.
Do you remember a number of five or six percent?
"Now, everyone agrees."
Coke is everywhere.
I need some water.
It was chaos.
The audience wants to hear it.
Calm down.
Yay.
Because it's a trade secret.
There's a storm coming.
No one knew.
And who are we?
I saw you connect cultures with cultures.
I've spent a lot of time. Why?
Hello.
What's in there is an insecureness.
You have a lot of women.
You're like a revolutionary.
puzzles and magic.
This is a matter of attention.
Well...
Sure.
It'll be a lot more interesting.
There's more.
Look at the other footage.
I'm going to die of a fever.
Come on.
Welcome to Ty.
He's charismatic.
Fifteen seconds.
This is insane.
Let me guess.
It's important to be surprised.
No.
My God!
What?
No.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh!
Whoa!
Sure.
Nice.
Why?
How did that happen?
That's why you're so creative.
Who's to judge?
That's very impressive.
In Shanghai?
Thank you very much.
Sounds good.
Again.
We need more than that.
Who's there?
It was an act of God.
The wheelchair has a certain personality.
Oh.
"First of all, it's an economic reason."
"Secondly, the reason why I'm here."
The class is free.
How about this?
I bought this.
Anyway.
It's still going on.
Twelve ships.
Will this continue?
It's over.
It's your problem.
It's a flap.
Are you ready?
Japanese.
"I'm shocked, after all."
They should be happy.
The children are enacting art.
It's Du rat's work.
Just try!
Please.
It's a sneaker.
It's an exclusive market.
The collector loves Air Jordan.
Why is that?
How did that turn out?
It was easy to spread ideas like the Internet.
Thank you.
You're using a force that outweighs.
The U.S. government.
The silence is wonderful.
"Hello, everyone."
What's the answer?
Protect the farm.
We're all here to shoot.
Keep your distance from your colleagues.
It's outdated.
Are you a stockholder or a shareholder?
We're going to remove the level between them.
I'm gonna need your help.
This changes everything.
Naked.
Is it okay to say you're filming?
She's so cool.
This is Nadi.
They screamed.
I was lucky.
First things first.
"But why, in Africa and the Middle East?"
Africa will rise.
Here's the progress.
I live in America.
There's a power in stories.
He gave me a nosebleed.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It's the basics.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
How lucky I am.
They said there was no room.
It's a very interesting page.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Good morning.
I'm not.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Not necessarily.
I'll admit it.
Thank you.
It's a lot bigger.
Thank you.
I thought it was a good plan.
It's my size.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
It's a cost-performance analysis.
Thank you.
The poems are important.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Good evening.
I see animals.
Why Kermit?
Thank you.
This is the point.
Thank you.
Wake up.
This way.
Come on.
I don't have this.
Come on.
Thank you.
Let's go see Debbie.
Let's go see Jael.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It's really amazing.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
What happened?
The sun.
The moon.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
You know what?
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
