All of a sudden, the people were not only standing in the streets, shouting their ups and downs, but they took them to negotiations, in part because they represented the victims of these weapons.
How can we escape the fact that we have a double side, if we preach democracy and at the same time we don't want to deal with groups that are representive?
But for several years, I've studied the building of the Remwist shipyard in Forbes and the Olympic ballroom in the same city by the architects of the ice and tar.
And with every move that finds its own unique way of getting there, this tower becomes like a city with its own life, a place that lives with its micro economy and its small business.
So, if we don't talk to these new groups that are going to take over the news for the next few years, we're going to increase radicalization, I think.
We just have to keep going.
Another sign, this, is the testimony over the years, the last years, of the small number of home conflicts between states, and out-of-state conflicts that can be solved militaryly.
And how can we tell the Muslim Brotherhood, as we should, that they must respect the rights of the people, if we don't accept the rights of the majority?
In an area recognized for the soft and porous soil of the Less plateau, up until recently, it was estimated that there were 40 million people living in underground homes.
The international Red Cross committee, the S.H.I.E.L.D., is talking to everyone, and it's doing it because it's neutral.
So we've spent more time focusing on the reason for not talking to others than finding how to talk to others.
So, he's engaged in a political discussion process, not as a weak strategy, but as a force strategy.
And he's engaged in thorough talks settling some of the most delicate issues through a process of truth and reconcilement where people have come and gone.
They can represent social, religious, political, economic, or military realities.
Lt., as I see it, comes out of this weakened decade, because we didn't understand the group.
When I first came to Afghanistan, in the '50s, as the foreign minister, I met with the F.F.I. Commander, the international troops.
And that's why this organization is probably the most informed key actor to understand modern conflicts-- because they're talking.
Besides, over the last decade, we've been in a mode where treatment with groups was conceptally and politically dangerous.
It's not easy to talk between people, between groups, and between governments, but it's really necessary.
I can't do this unless I send signals that I'll be listening to signals from the other side.
We know from personal experience that sometimes it's easy to back out, and sometimes you have to fight.
And I believe we need to strengthen that approach in modern diplomatic, not just between the states, but within the states as well.
Together, the people created public spaces and they designed them so that they felt more like home and less like an unfinished tower.
Once you're on the water, you can clearly see that life is completely suited to these very specific living conditions.
Just like in Ma'am or in David's house, everywhere in Zabbalin's house we find all the same services as in any neighborhood.
Coke's success is relevant because if we can analyze it, learn from it, then we can save lives.
Most governments followed the volunteers of the government leaders that was to stay away from these different groups, because, by the way, they were terrorists.
And when the tension grew, they'd already had this conversation, and that was a force to deal with different issues.
Slowly, from found material, the walls rise, and people create a space with no matter what objects or material were found.
Even the lifeboats become shops where ladies shop from one house to another, selling everything, from toothbrush to fruit.
They were floating on the channels in a large lifeboat with a generator so the whole community could enjoy it.
But the situation is evolving, and we're seeing that there are new key actors coming to the stage.
And the thing is, the last decade was so promising-- and mostly for a reason.
It's critical to understand, I believe, because of technology and because of globalization, the world's entire society.
But the problem is we're coming out of a decade where we've been afraid to touch her.
They were conceived in very specific ways by this group of people who've never done any studies in design or design.
In this tradition, the bride hath all her possessions, which they will soon bring to her new husband.
Although their access to space and money is limited, the homes in this area are designed with care and detail.
The rules of engagement: how to talk, when to talk, and how to deal with them.
There may be a need to treat them with military means, but they can't be solved with military means.
They need a harmful process where the real tissue of this very complicated society can deal with their problems.
It's their right to fight. Now, as you know, he didn't do that.
And we have to go beyond traditional diplomatic work towards the issue of our time's survival, global change.
What makes people trust each other, not just between the states, but also within the states?
But when you look closely, you see huge holes through which elevators and services would have worked.
During that night I met this band of music on their 21 in their coordinated clothes.
We, who are trying to make a point, are trained to deal with the conflicts between the states and the issues between the states.
And the other one you're going to make contact with is the one you're in deep disagreement with.
If we go with them, there's a risk of legalizing them. I think this is a mistake.
If you're talking properly, you're clearly saying that talking about this is not going to be okay.
It's just that this last decade has probably been a wasted decade for progress on this point.
And while we're trying to understand this wide movement across the Arab world, we're not helpless.
By nightfall, the region becomes a black ink, with the exception of a small light bulb or a fire.
Each apartment is unique, and this individual tells the story of the circumstances and values of each family.
Allow me to show you a screen that shows the character of the conflicts here from the '50s to the '50s; to this day.
You see in green this is a traditional interstate conflict, those we used to read in the press.
I believe that the interference with the war was necessary and that the military intervention in Afghanistan was also necessary.
It's the international Coke campaign's job to open up happiness.
But there's one thing I don't believe a lot of people are thinking about, which is the background in which technology interferes.
Or skiing.
'Cause technically I have engines, I have wheels-- I'm in a motor vehicle.
I took this all the way up to ground zero, and I broke my way through the crowd for an hour.
I've been here for a while, and I don't drive a car anymore.
And, as a matter of fact, this is something that a democracy also has to do.
(laughs) But in fact, it's not my fault; it's from the paper The Geo.
In my new company, Marilyn Mon marches, I'd like to use art to create technology.
We've returned the robot-- inside his head is a database with a lot of jokes.
What can I do?
The guy's voice is being heard again.
We're following the rise at the top of the food grid, in the sea-eaters and in the fish.
And you could just see a death net as we went down into the water column.
And then there's the threatening, spinous problem of human health, the effects on human health that have been reported.
And we realize in the West that we know very little about what's going on.
At this hour, the discussions are going well, do we have to talk to the Muslim Brotherhood?
We're making a whole thing of talking on a diplomatic level and talking on a political level.
The diplomatic toolbox is actually full of different tools that we can use to strengthen our communication.
We need to improve the necessary skills, and we need to have the courage to use them.
So in short, I'm shocked by all the things they don't have.
If they can do that, why can't the governments do the same thing?
Someone once described it as bowling in the dark.
They said, "You throw the ball, you hear some pins falling."
And in Africa, in the isolated places, it's hard to find good roads.
And then, back in 1  côté, the eighth-century government launched this new system in its own country.
But then you take the toilet and you introduce it as a practical, modern, fashionable thing.
And that would only be the second disease to be taken off the face of the earth.
500 years ago, sailing sailboats began to be trustworthy enough; we found a new continent.
I don't keep any in my living room.
Depending on who you trust with your numbers, that's between 60 and 85,000 people a day.
We want to help in cutting edge fields, and we want to do it another way.
In the 20th century, we saw the independent development of two great themes in science.
And she made a very low passage, hundreds of miles above the surface.
And here, this is an image of atoms in the sun's atmosphere absorbing light.
What happens when we hold a star that's right on the edge of that mass?
And there was no carbon or oxygen in the universe during the first generation of stars.
And the core of these key actors are groups that represent different interests inside the countries.
And he told me that, uh, we can win militaryly, Minister.
But now, as we prepare to talk, we realize how little we know.
And you don't have to be okay when you sit with the other side.
Our modern Western society is more complex than it was in the past, back in the '50s.
With this subtract  hell, these two buildings are built inside the soil.
But I think, as a community, we still have a lot to learn.
He associates the product with the kind of life people want to have.
So even though this is an international company, they're taking a very local approach.
But they didn't stop there.
That doesn't sound like flag in the wind to me.
A state in northern India has been up to its neck in associating toilets with courtship.
And I'm happy to tell you that only one other person in this area has had polio.
Then we'll be running out of money for polio here next summer.
Then you don't need anything to control your car, except to think about it.
When Henry Ford first came out, just 100 years ago, the T model.
These are quite different, and they're beyond the reach of modern trying.
And we, so, we have a problem, because they're avoiding traditional diplomatic.
And my country trusts its safety through the military alliance, this is clear.
However, we still have an important interest in the treatment and understanding of modern conflicts.
And so, armed forces are necessary, but armed is not the solution to the problem.
But if you don't talk, you can't get in touch with anyone else.
And I think the international community would have said, "Who cares?"
Another place that I'd like to share with you is where the Zabbalin are, in Hopkinso.
As a matter of fact, when I travel the world in development, Coke seems to be all around.
And I think there really are three things we can learn from Coke.
There are now close to 1,500 of these centers in Africa that employ about 1,500 people.
I think an excellent example of this is the new ethnic program for long-term care.
The two songs have something in common: the same call to celebration and unity.
And there are some signs around the world that things are starting to change.
As you've noticed, every time you come here, you learn something.
What if we could make them fun, attractive, clean, respectful of the environment?
And I can't believe a cop's gonna give himself a ticket.
The Greeks traveled from the theaters, to the Parthenon, in tombstones.
The first cause of human mortality on this planet is the poor quality of the water.
We have about $120 million, and we want to make things right.
It took me about 25 seconds to decide that this was a good idea.
It's probably this place, a moon of hers, Europe.
But that shiny star there is actually one of the stars in the galaxy.
And the way they're dealing with their conflicts is spreading quickly to other countries.
After September 1 1 , ll, you were either with us or against us.
Ten years after this military intervention, this country is far from secure.
It was very fouled up to be three, four, or five years earlier.
What I mean is you don't need to be neutral to talk.
We're gonna make the violent activity path to politics a harder path to access.
And I wouldn't say that's the wrong thing under any circumstances.
The electricity is rigged and the purest drinking water comes from fortune wells all over the region.
But I'm surprised by one thing they have: Coke.
That's why I took some time to study Coke.
So they take the data, and they use it to measure progress.
In development, the appraisal takes place at the end of the project.
They represent 90 percent of Coke's sales.
They've formed 35,000 extensive care employees to bring care directly to the people.
And in South Africa, they associate happiness with inaudible or respect for the community.
And polio, I think, is one of the strongest examples.
But let me make this story a little more real for you.
They've been where he lives and they've vaccinated two million people.
It's not bad, but why don't you remove the wires?
So the car was a clean, environment alternative to horse and cart.
It was totally rational, with, like, one-third of the people living there.
And we're kind of hoping that history will say we were right.
In a Pearlian universe there's no center - thank you.
We can only tell where something is compared to everything else.
But this is not the best candidate to house life in the solar system.
It's called the Sun.
There's, I think, one more wonderful twist to this story.
It was taken by this thing called the Voyager ship.
And this is an image of me before him to see it on a scale.
So he knows what the joke's about, he knows how long it is.
There's trade, there's disarmment, there's trans-frontal relations.
We need military presence, but we need to move on to politics.
Arab spring becomes autumn and winter is coming.
There's a wide range in how to deal with this issue.
And the reason is what happened in South Africa was Nelson Kaiser.
And there was a line between diplomatic power and overwhelming power,
They take real-time data and immediately put it into the product.
They're using local business talent, and they're doing amazing sales.
So they took some time to figure that out.
And it became number one in 17 countries.
Wash your hands, you may not get diarrhoea.
We're aware that circumcision reduces aids infections by 60 percent in men.
We've seen a 90 percent reduction in polio in 20 years.
(Laughs) Yesterday, the car guys were presenting us with their new ideas.
In 5,000 years, we've been going backwards for the town moves.
We're doing a lot of thinking about what makes science really work.
Unreliable of the presence of others, of history and so on.
She started off with the invention of the theory of duty and the theoretical physics.
There must be some kind of self-arrangement, inside the universe, that creates things.
All actors of the world; a democracy is part of a network of relationships.
And it's really a beautiful demonstration of how much science costs.
It's roughly two and a half billion pounds a year out of 620 billion.
In fact, it's an image of the hydrogen gland.
It's an image of the Earth captured in this square in the '50s.
It's said that an experiment that humbles and forms character.
We know enough at the beginning of the 19th century.
(laughs) (applause) You look great.
I've been trying to reach you since yesterday.
Have you ever seen that little Switzerland knife they have to fight with?
My boyfriend's dead.
But here's the thing, I'm one of the privileged people.
So I was then invited to go to the Gulf in May.
So, what do we got?
By the way, we know this because of the black tide of Exxon Forbesz.
So, in fact, it speeds up the entering of oil into the body easily and easily.
And then part of that knowledge is part of my nightmares.
And, whether you believe it or not, this is it, a cab to Forbes.
This is where they're going.
You can say this is a health issue.
But we had problems with this one.
And the states have a certain resistance to dealing with these conflicts.
And who knows what name he'll have in the end.
I've got a group of your people in charge of talking to all these groups.
Now the conversation can be accompanied by help or without help.
We like to understand the social capital of the community.
In the lobby, they painted the walls and planted trees.
Without elevators, the tower is a flight of 45 flights of steps.
The tour of the Zabbalin homes is also full of surprises.
And I'm not the first person to ask that question.
Well, what's the second thing Coke's good for?
What can governments and lawyers learn from Coke?
Now, think about how this can change people's lives.
Now that's all well and good with the World Cup campaign.
Use a condom, don't get infected with aids.
And can you guess what these young people are waiting for?
Sixty-five percent of the surface of our cities matches the parking cars.
For all of Asia alone, it'll be more than one billion people.
They didn't have to go down the same hundred-year path as us.
And I'd like to talk to you about three stages in this evolution.
So, in a relationship universe, we have to have processes of self-arrangement.
We're going through a difficult and demanding time on an economic level, of course.
There you see, it's about 620 billion a year.
I just wanted to show this image because it's remarkable.
It's actually an image of the sun.
But look at the number of black lines in that ghost.
It's just one of the billion galaxies in the universe.
So, I think that science can be-- the heart rate is important.
It can be beautiful and reveal some pretty amazing things.
It's kind of like a stone because, of course, it's a stone.
And if I'm gonna increase the time line there, you see her.
It's here. It's home. It's us.
We don't need to find out more about our universe.
And he'll try to observe your reaction.
If you appreciate what's going on, point to the green side.
Others take out her cell phone and call 911.
Well, the big chemical companies are what we're dealing with here.
And that was the entire sea ducks food network.
The question I'm asking you is, why shouldn't we know?
And in order to do that, we need to do this appraisal.
Some of us survive maltreatment, we survive aids.
- What's a n-scope, really?
There are still people who believe it and they came.
At an oxygen level of 1 .5 percent, when normal is 1 .5 percent.
And I can tell you, our schedule is full.
So somehow, this is everyone's business.
The situation, to be honest, is very serious.
Because we've never spoken to people in these countries.
Now my friends in South Africa know that it was very painful.
The solution is a strategy of commitment and discussion based on principles.
They're good at using these local business skills.
Melinda French Gates: Feels good, doesn't it?
Well, it's based on avoidance, not suction.
I'm sure you've heard some of these messages.
But there's a solution: you build a toilet.
I've even seen them used as chickens.
The disease could have come from two places.
50 percent of the world's population now lives in the city.
We all love our cars, and I love them, too.
In fact, what are we up against right now?
They're starting at the top of the technology food chain.
We don't need complicated heart transplants all over the world.
I don't know, but we'll try.
This universe is described as a network of relationships.
All the property of things depends on these types of relationships.
So here's the general humility, here's the solar theory.
So, an interesting discussion is taking place.
This last view of the world's world is called the relationship vision.
We think it could be hundreds of miles deep.
Well, this looks like an image of, like, nothing at all.
This is a boundary imposed on the mass of the stars.
So this star is also 50 million light years away.
So, this doesn't look like our planet.
But he's visited as well. He's visited as he has visited as well.
And we're moving forward today in this difficult economic time.
(Laughs) We're based in New York City.
Each one of these jokes has a specific pattern.
Well, then, let's make way for the robot stand-up.
- How can there be even worse news?
So thank you all for being a part of it.
And we're hoping to learn a lot about robot communication.
So this is a case of innocence.
And we dived into the table cloth without even any equipment for dangerous material.
trying to figure out what's going on.
So this is a very sensitive species to this combination.
And we hope some of you will help us.
Whatever it is, please let us get the truth.
I graduated from a high school at Cleveland High School in Ohio in ' Forbes.
I graduated from college, got my medical degree in ' Forbes.
Tell me, how many people do you think are on that cab?
Believe it or not, some of us survive.
We're going on a mission.
health is wealth, as Hans Rosler says.
Well, here we are, on a mission.
Yeah, let's fix this thing.
It doesn't matter, 'cause it worked.
Our brain is three times the size of a gorilla.
That's when it started to bother me seriously.
And we're fighting about how to deal with them.
Red is a modern conflict, conflicts within the states.
We can only solve this problem with a political solution.
It'll last a long, long time.
Because they can turn out to be a majority.
Reaping can be accom loted with or without a harness.
So, what can we learn from all this?
This may be the first piece of change.
The good news is we're not helpless.
In my country, there are very few systems or weapons
It's amazing, if you think of Coke.
Let's compare that to development for a minute.
Well, they're already starting to talk about this.
The third part of Coke's success is all about business.
People sure use it for material.
Then why is all this so important?
In 1 ,500 cases, we're down to 1,500.
You don't need snow.
They got bigger, they spread.
This was the triumph of the no-darwinism and so on.
The most important one was performed in the '50s by Chase Econo game.
And electrons can only be found in certain places.
Actually, this one's a carbon/oxygen midget.
This is a spectacular image of our home planet.
It's our planet seen from a billion miles away.
He said, consider that point again.
I think he's going to be very popular.
He's talking about the Switzerlands.
Do you like television?
The burden of evidence doesn't rest on the producer.
I had a violent throat ache two days later.
And then there's the matter of the pickles.
In the ward of the ward of the ward of the ward of the ward of the ward of the ward of the ward of the ward of the ward of the ward of the ward of the ward of the ward of the ward of the ward of the ward.
And, guess what, there's a ton of stuff missing.
With oil alone, there's a thirty-eight percent fertilization rate.
Myself, I could see it easily in the water column.
What, in our opinion, would make a tropical waterfall?
Look at this bag.
You get richer faster if you're healthy first.
That's Mike, and he's from them.
You pick out what instruments you need, you stock up on consumables,
These are my classmates from class.
The human brain is not a big rat brain.
Why does he consume so much energy, then?
It distracts him with pretty images, unrelated data.
I'll tell you two things.
What's the social result of that?
It'll be about people from all over America.
Alan Kay will talk to you later today.
What's the cost of this communications system?
Here's the line:
But my most important question is always the same.
We sit around and she forges our minds.
Black holes are dark on a black sky.
C.C. is the great general theory on the dumbness of H.R. Einstein.
Even light would be diverted along these routes.
He thought that nature would protect us from their formation.
But basically that's what we're talking about.
They can turn hundreds of times a second.
And we can predict the sound that he'll make.
(Laughs) You should get away from the sound.
In this Hubble image we see two galaxies.
They almost seem to be held in an embrace.
This is not to arm our country to the teeth.
And I said, "Yes, Your Holiness.
But I don't believe in effortless hope.
And a few months later I was writing songs.
You become your country, you become your religion.
There are fishermen and saints, criminals and victims.
And bands are very often labeled immediately as two hundred and thirty terrorists.
You can't argue with everyone all the time.
We didn't realize what was going on.
But we can talk in different ways.
We must embrace these profound changes.
But this strategy never gets us very far.
They sell a million and thirty-six billion drinks every day.
So, what's the next step for America?
And it's working.
Women refuse to marry men who don't have toilets.
Let's look at a country like India.
They have two and a half million people who can vaccinate.
And a lot more people could have been infected.
This isn't field business.
But think of where the world is today.
All other forms of transport have been improved.
I don't look like a motor vehicle.
And the camera's staring at her.
We have to show them this thing.
( mechanical noises ) ( music ) ( applause )
And here are some ethical principles.
I'm in mode to entertain and impress.
The idea was that everything is determined.
As a matter of fact, she and Locke were friends.
They think about the same things.
So that's what we're going to discuss.
So that's what we're gonna talk about.
And that's why he's calling him he.
Well, this is a picture of it.
This was taken by the Cassini probe.
It's Earth six billion miles away.
He was clearly assaulted all the time.
He's named after the character from Star Forbes.
'Cause she's got her stuff right.
( Applause ) You've been a great audience.
And it shows.
So, my project lies along the Atlantic Northwest.
They end up in sewage factories.
And we let the industry lead the dance.
I had the impression my throat was on fire.
And usually, exhibition is a combined exhibition.
The solvents they contain make it very effective.
It'll also cause internal bleeding in the liver.
We've begun to make hypotheticals, what do we know?
We've teamed up with some partners.
Don't we have a right to know?
So I'm happy to be here.
You can say that this is partly an education issue.
Trust me, these are current photos.
Today's eight, everybody uses P.A.X. anyway.
Our oxygen tanks weren't working very well.
That's what I mean when I talk about appropriate technology.
This is exactly how the sockets are designed.
This oxygen delivery technology is not new.
Why is the human brain so special?
I don't think we look like that.
First, you capture atoms in a special bottle,
Dance really makes science easier to understand.
But you don't have to take my word for it.
And that brings me to my modest proposal.
We certainly can't argue with those numbers!
Are people satisfied with the results?
The auto cost is underrated, so it's over-consumed.
We need to set up a better return from the market,
It'll be easier for this retroactive cycle in real-time.
The networks adhere to self-destructive post offices.
(Laughs) They're also called mailboxes.
I'll give you some examples.
I'll close with two points:
And even the light couldn't escape that current.
This is the hard work of a scientist in hard conditions.
He didn't believe they existed in nature.
Imagine being at the inside of the big bang.
We're in a hurry, build your instruments!
And this little girl comes to me.
You become a Christian, a Muslim, a Jew.
And there are times when you should leave.
The social groups have come down to the streets.
So let's start with the data.
They have this continuing loop of returns.
Now let's look at the development.
So how's health care and development doing their sales?
And I think that's a mistake.
Well, you work with the community.
But more importantly, it saves lives.
For me this is a deep happiness.
No one would want to live without that.
For the 20 biggest cities in the world.
They started directly from the cell phones.
And this network of relationships is always evolving.
So we call it a relationship universe.
It's about a half a mile long; about a half a mile.
It's an image of more than one.
That's when Cassini flew under En outer space.
And they saw strange images like this.
It's an explosion of a one-in-a-million-a-half-year-old super sheep.
And he took this image of the Earth.
He knows how intense it is.
He doesn't have feelings... yet.
It's an honor to be here.
Here's the first.
One of them falls on the floor.
He doesn't seem to be breathing.
I think she's incredibly educationate.
(Laughs) That's all for today.
Was that right for my first?
There's a lot more to come.
It's, on a scale of one region, an environment study.
We practically don't control them.
The decision was to protect the swamp.
So, now we see oil on the surface.
So here we have another scenario.
Is it better with one eye or with both?
So, this isn't at all rational.
So, this is how it works.
They're unidentified.
But that's how my nightmares show up.
So, we're running an independent study.
And that's my specialty.
Open-heart surgery in Forbes, that's a big problem.
Does he seem happy to you?
We're given a lot of equipment.
So, what are we gonna do now?
We've successfully operated on 12 open-heart patients.
Have you ever seen anything like this?
That's what makes him so special.
Well, what about our brains?
It's just a big primate brain.
What happened, then?
I have a doctorate in molecular biology.
And for some reason, it seems to be working.
They do it by changing their shape.
In Portsmouth, the United States,
How do we build a big network?
We see the light reflected by the moon,
They're making a fuss all around.
These are the natural curves of space.
She can't hide behind the black hole.
At home it's got a  Forbesic sound.
Here's another sound from my band.
The two black holes are closing in.
And they're gonna fuse.
That's a terrible noise.
C.S.C. is literally the definition of noise.
And I'm trying with all my might.
She answers in airports all over the world.
Working together, that's what changes our world.
I'll tell you a brief story.
There was a mother and her three children.
His children were killed instantly.
It's hard work, every day.
Actually, I went to Nashville.
In your heart a voice calls.
And I've done thousands of shows.
The others change us.
And who would argue with terrorists?
And sometimes military intervention is necessary.
Everyone seems to agree with that.
Allow me to take one more step.
There's a revolution going on.
How can we ever be talking to each other?
And what's that talk?
We're seeing new signs.
They also built a basketball court.
And there's even a church there.
These quarters are known as the "D-A-N-A-N-T."
Sometimes they store seeds there.
(laughs) I'm not kidding.
They're waiting to be circumcised.
And this victory is so possible.
I could have told them.
And it's definitely a marvel.
You're doing it in basketballs.
And they were closely linked.
This amount funds everything in the U.K.
It's a picture of the moon on the outer moon.
Actually, it's an ice moon.
So exploring can be profitable in itself.
That's a pretty amazing prediction.
It's called a carbon/oxygen midget.
Voyager is a tiny machine.
They were pretty lucky.
It's called seals as sentries.
And they go to electronic waste dumpsters.
That reaction became much more aggressive.
Turns out there's a lot of pickles.
They're like the fedex guys.
So we know because of the previous tides.
And the gills are very sensitive.
The breathing system is very sensitive.
They ripped them off the rock.
Here's the freeze-dwelling equipment from a place in the state of Forbes.
So, here's the problem.
And we were doing open heart surgery.
This photo was taken last year.
And you're all primates.
So what's the point of being human?
Two words: we're cooking.
Why are we driving too much?
These things are gonna happen.
There's an incredible oversight.
The sun burns our peripheral vision,
We can't see them directly.
It's not big enough.
This is one of those groups.
You'd literally hear the sound.
(Beep) Then it's over.
(Beep) This is over.
Mom, I'm really trying.
I am of course in favor of adoption of this treaty.
It's stopping the sands bitumously.
It's all at once.
We need that in the world.
He's a good man, he's a good man.
Working for peace is very creative.
You have to work hard, every day.
She's also been awarded the world peace prize.
She's now running for president.
Maybe they couldn't offer more.
That's not a dirty word.
She's a high school student.
And they have a lot of fun.
They took off her colorful shirt.
I also love rock and roll.
Bring this campaign to these countries.
parents are more under stress than people who don't have kids.
So, how did we get here?
I have a steady job.
The father's in a room, alone.
There's no school program for that.
It's a constant process of falling.
Let me show you how it works.
Isn't that great?
The front wheels move like this.
We've been designing a charitable action plan.
This is an amibe robot.
It's one of HyD's arms.
Here it is this year, in Australia.
Then education is very important.
We reduce it to childish qualities.
It's true to me.
I'm testing your ability to solve.
I see some yeses.
It's either white or black.
Well, I'm not naive.
Let's turn to Afghanistan.
Because we didn't.
And you can still walk away.
That's not the point.
Do we have to have a conversation with the sheriff?
And they brought their knowledge.
I thank you for your attention.
Then why is it interesting?
Well, it's based on suction.
Can you believe it?
How did this happen?
So what's the result?
And we're so close.
(Laughs) That's reassuring.
It was twice as long.
That's, like, two and a half billion people.
So, how does this work?
And let me show you.
What's fascinating and beautiful...
Certainly, we know enough.
Don't be shy.
It's a robot.
And I got sick.
Now they're at 9500.
It's all about the oil. It's all about the oil.
And Dave Gallo is registered.
I've recovered.
Remember all that oil?
But let's keep going.
So we did our math.
A laser, that's different.
That would probably help.
This is my vision of the future.
What is their terrible weakness?
We have to move things forward.
Thank you.
They're destroying the stars all around.
The two black holes are moving.
it might make a noise.
We weren't even there.
These are my multiverse creatures.
Thank you.
That's what we call world security.
It's saving tigers.
That was Mairead's sister.
This is Rigrinita Menchu Kaiser.
Go ahead, girl.
She started singing her song.
We're all refugees.
She calls herself by the name of righteousness.
She's also hugely practical.
He was flattered.
Thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Their marital contentment is lower.
They've been considered an economic asset.
We're glad to hear it.
So we've got two sheep.
So, this is, uh... this is, uh, this is, uh, this is, uh, this is, uh, this is, uh, this is, uh...
It's more remote controlled.
There you go.
The first is the whore.
She's far too available.
You wouldn't do it to another woman.
Order, order, order.
It's an eternal quest.
Come on, my friends, really?
A rooster.
They need politics.
That's the place.
Sometimes you have to.
An example is health care.
This isn't right.
It hasn't changed that much.
I'd better shut up.
So, a tiny moon.
A beautiful and terrible discovery.
Well, there is.
A rise of the earth, seen from Absolute 8 .
What about scientific discoveries?
What about it?
Good morning,  Huh?
Ready for some jokes?
Thank you very much.
And we reported it.
But it finally went away.
This was found by independent researchers.
Does that make sense?
It's a feud.
Here's another group.
Sylvia's one of them.
Thank you very much.
This is unfortunate.
That's impossible.
And so is Forbes.
Thank you very much.
Good evening.
( Music playing ) ( Applause )
I'm really scared.
That's not enough.
Ken Liveston has been re-elected.
Zero dollars a month.
It doesn't matter!
They can see you.
Will it happen again?
This brings me to the meditate.
This is going to action.
This is incredible.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
They broke his bracelets.
But she defies the etiquette.
And the pressure went up.
They have to negotiate.
How did Movember start?
I pay my taxes.
Thank you!
No one is opposed to an opinion.
In math, different equations,
- What?
Gwen, after you.
All right.
Cough up the owl.
But maybe not.
The project had been deemed impossible.
This last one was very popular.
This is Jackie White.
She recognized me!
Now everybody's okay.
Coke is everywhere.
We need water.
Yes.
I can help you.
Yeah.
The trade secrets again.
There were storms.
No one knew.
What about us?
to connect the cultures.
Why this one?
. . .
So I tell him.
It's all about the magic.
This is remarkable.
Let's see.
Well, great.
It's getting harder.
There's more.
Take another look at this.
I was contaminated.
It's gone.
Guess what?
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Lucky you.
- What's that?
Very interesting.
Thank you.
Thank you.
( Applause )
( Applause )
( applause )
