All of a sudden, the gays were not only standing in the streets, shouting their slogans, but they were taking them to negotiations, partly because they were representing the victims of these weapons.
How can we escape the fact that we have a double vent, if we preach democracy and at the same time we don't want to deal with groups that are representative?
But for several years, I studied the construction of the Remigistosas BBC in Beijing and the Olympic stadium in the same city by the existentog and Voltron architects.
And with every end that finds its own unique, clean way to get there, this tower becomes like a city with its own life, a place that lives with its microeconomics and small business.
So, if we don't talk to these new groups that are going to dominate the news over the next few years, we're going to hone the radicalization, I think.
We just have to keep trying.
Another sign, that's the finding in these years, these last years, of the low number of domestic conflicts between the states, and military conflicts that can be resolved militaryly.
And how do we tell the Muslim Brotherhood, as we should, that they must respect the rights of minorities, if we don't accept the rights of the majority?
In a region known for the soft, porous soil of the Less plateau, until recently, it was estimated that there were 40 million people living in underground houses.
The international Red Cross Committee, the SECCR, talks to everyone, and it does it because it's neutral.
So we spent more time focusing on reason to not interact with others than to figure out how to talk to others.
So, he has engaged a political process of dialogue, not as a weak strategy, but as a force strategy.
And he's engaged in detailed talks solving some of the most delicate matters through a truth and reconciliation process where people have come and argue.
They can represent social, religious, political, economic, or military realities.
The way I see it, out of this weakened decade, because we didn't understand the group.
When I came to Afghanistan in 1952, as Secretary of State, I met with the Commander of the FLN, the international troops.
And that's the reason why this organization is probably the most informed key player to understand modern conflicts because they're debating.
Besides, over the last decade, we've been in a mode where treatment with groups was conceptally and politically dangerous.
Conversation isn't easy-- between individuals, between groups, and between governments-- but it's really necessary.
I can't do that unless I send signals that I'll be listening to signals from the other side.
We know from personal experience that sometimes it's easy to retire, and sometimes you have to fight.
And I think we need to strengthen this approach in modern diplomacy, not only between the states, but also within the states.
Together, the people created public spaces and designed them so that they would feel more like home and less like an unfinished tower.
Once on the water, it's clear that life is completely suited to these very specific living conditions.
Like in Maidan or in the Stad David, everywhere in Zabbalin we find the same services as in any neighborhood.
Coke's success is relevant because if we can analyze it, learn from it, then we can save lives.
Most governments followed the magistrate leaders who were to stay away from these different groups, because they were terrorists.
And when the tension went up, they'd already had this dialogue, and it was a force to deal with different issues.
Slowly, from found material, the walls rise, and people create a space with no matter what objects or materials found.
Even boats become shops where ladies buy a house to another, selling everything, fresh fruit toothpaste.
They were floating on the canals in a large lifeboat with a generator for the whole community to enjoy.
But the situation is evolving, and we find that there are new key actors coming on the stage.
And the paradox is that the last decade was so promising-- and mostly for a reason.
It's critical to understand, I believe, because of technology and because of globalization, the transcending society.
But the problem is we're coming out of a decade where we're afraid to touch it.
They were designed in very specific ways by this group of people who have never studied architecture or design.
In this tradition, the bride lays all her possessions, which they will soon bring to her new husband.
Although their access to space and money is limited, the houses in this area are designed with care and detail.
The rules of engagement: how to talk, when to talk, and how to deal with them.
There may be a need to treat them with military means, but they can't be solved with military means.
They need a primitive process where the real tissue of this very complicated society can deal with their problems.
Now, as you know, he didn't do this.
And we must go beyond traditional diplomacy to the question of the survival of our time, climate change.
What makes people trust each other, not only between the states, but also within the states?
But when you look closely, you see huge holes through which elevators and services would have worked.
During that evening, I met this band of music on their 31 in their coordinated clothes.
We who are diplomats, are trained to deal with conflicts between the states and matters between the states.
And the other one you're going to get in touch with is the one you're deeply disagreeing with.
If we confront them, there's a risk of legitimizing them. I think that's a mistake.
If you talk properly, you make it clear that talking is not okay.
The consensu here is that the last decade has probably been a wasted decade for progress on this point.
And while we're trying to understand this vast movement that's going through the Arab world, we're not powerless.
By nightfall, the area becomes a black ink, with the exception of a small light bulb or a fire.
Each apartment is unique, and this individuality tells the story of the circumstances and values of each family.
Allow me to show you a slide that shows the character of conflicts here from 1923 to now.
You see in green is a traditional interstate conflict, the ones we used to read in the press.
I believe that intervention in Libya was necessary and that military intervention in Afghanistan was also necessary.
The international coke campaign slogan is open to happiness, but they're tracking it.
But there's one thing I don't believe a lot of people think about, that's the context in which a technology intervenes.
Or skiing. It's just fun, and people love to move around doing fun things.
'Cause technically I have engines, I have wheels-- I'm in a motor vehicle.
I took this up to Ground Zero, and I made my way through the crowd for an hour.
I'm 81 years old, and I don't drive a car anymore.
And, in fact, this is something that a democratic society must also do.
(laughs) But actually, it's not my fault; it's out of the paper.
In my new company, Marilyn Monantis, I would like to use the art to create technology.
We made the robot-- in his head is a database with lots of jokes.
What can I do?
The guy's voice is being heard again.
We're tracking the pollution at the top of the food network, in sea mammals and fish.
And we could just see a death net as we went down into the water column.
And then there's the threatening, thorny human health problem, the effects on human health that have been reported.
And we realize in the West that we know very little about what's going on.
At the moment, talks are going well, do we have to talk to the Muslim Brotherhood?
We make a distinction between interacting on a diplomatic level and dialogue on a political level.
The diplomatic toolbox is actually full of different tools that we can use to strengthen our communication.
We need to improve the necessary skills, and we need to have the courage to use them.
So in short, I'm shocked by all the things they don't have.
If they can do that, why can't governments and representatives do the same thing?
Once, someone described it as bowling in the dark.
They said, "You throw the ball, you hear some pins fall."
And in Africa, in the isolated places, it's hard to find good roads.
And in 1946, the Ethiopian government launched this new system in its own country.
But then you take the toilet and present it as a practical, modern, fashionable thing.
And that would only be the second disease to be blown off the face of the earth.
500 years ago, sailing on sailboats began to be reliable enough; we found a new continent.
I don't keep any in my living room.
Depending on who you trust with your numbers, that's between 60 and 85,000 people a day.
We want to contribute to cutting-edge domains, and we want to do it another way.
In the 20th century, we saw the independent development of two great themes in science.
And she made a very low passage, a few hundred miles above the surface.
And there, it's an image of atoms in the sun's atmosphere absorbing light.
What happens when you hold a star that's just at the edge of that mass?
And there was no carbon or oxygen in the universe during the first generation of stars.
And the core of these key actors are groups that represent different interests inside the country.
And he said that, uh, we can win militaryly, Mr. Minister.
But now, as we prepare to talk, we realize how little we know.
And you don't have to agree when you sit with the other side.
Our modern Western society is more complex than in the past, in these prohibitive times.
With this architecture by subtraction, these Wi-Fis are built inside the ground.
But I think, as a community, we still have a lot to learn.
He associates the product with the kind of life that people want to have.
So even though it's an international company, they take a very local approach.
But they didn't stop there.
It doesn't sound like a flag in the wind to me.
A state in northern India has been up to its neck and neck to associate toilets with courtship.
And I'm happy to tell you that only one other person in this area had polio.
Then we're gonna run out of polio money here next summer.
Then you don't need anything to control your car, except to think about it.
When Henry Ford started, just a hundred years ago, the T model.
These are completely different, and they're beyond the reach of modern diplomacy.
And we, so, we have a problem, because they escape the traditional diplomacy.
And my country trusts its safety through the military alliance, that's clear.
However, we still have an important interest in the treatment and understanding of modern conflicts.
And so, armed forces are required, but the army is not the solution to the problem.
But if you don't talk, you can't get in touch with anyone else.
And I think the international community would've said, "I don't care."
Another place I'd like to share with you is where the Zabbalins are, in Cairo.
As a matter of fact, when I travel the world in development, Coke seems all over the place.
And I believe that there really are three things we can learn from coke.
There's now almost two percent of these centers in Africa that employ about 5,000 people.
I think an excellent example of this is the new Ethiopia health extension program.
The two songs have something in common, the same call to celebration and unity.
And there are some indications around the world that things are starting to change.
As you've noticed, every time you come here, you learn something.
What if we could make them fun, attractive, clean, respectful of the environment?
And I can't believe a cop's gonna give himself a ticket.
The Greeks went from the Petronysus theater to the Parthenon in Bosnies.
The first cause of human mortality on this planet is the poor quality of water.
We have about $120 million, and we want to make things right.
It took me about 25 seconds to decide that was a good idea.
It's probably this place, a moon of Jupiter, Europe.
But that bright star there is actually one of the stars in the galaxy.
And the way they deal with their conflicts spread quickly to other countries.
After 9/11, you were either with us or against us.
10 years after this military intervention, this country is far from secure.
She was very controversial to say three, four, or five years earlier.
What I mean is you don't need to be neutral to talk.
We're going to make the path of violent activity to politics a harder path of access.
And I wouldn't say that that's the wrong thing under any circumstances.
The electricity is tampered with and the purest drinking water comes from fortune wells all over the region.
But I'm surprised by one thing they have: Coke.
That's why I took some time to study Coca.
So they take the data, and they use it to measure progress.
In development, the evaluation takes place at the end of the project.
In Tanzania and Uganda, they represent 90 percent of Coke sales.
They've trained 32,000 increased care employees to bring care directly to people.
And in South Africa, they associate happiness with inaudible or respect for the community.
And polio, I think, is one of the strongest examples.
But let me make this story a little more real for you.
They've been where Khram lives and they've vaccinated two million people.
It's not bad, but why don't we take out the wires?
So the car was a clean, environmental alternative to horse and wagon.
It was totally rational, with 49 percent of the people living there.
And we're kind of hoping that history will say that we were right.
In a Newtonian universe there is no center - thank you.
We can only tell where something is compared to everything else.
But he's not the best candidate to shelter life in the solar system.
We call it the Sun.
There's, I think, another wonderful twist to this story.
It was taken by this thing, which is called the Starship Voyager.
And that's an image of me in front of him to see the ladder.
So he knows what the joke's about, he knows how long it is.
There's trade, there's disarmment, there's cross-border relations.
We need military presence, but we need to move on to politics.
The Arab spring becomes autumn and winter approaches.
There's a wide range in how to deal with this matter.
And the reason is what happened in South Africa:
And there was a distinction between diplomacy and ascent power,
They take real-time data and immediately insert it into the product.
They're using local business talent, and they're doing an amazing marketing job.
So they took some time to figure that out.
And it became number one in 17 countries.
Wash your hands, you may not get diarrhea.
We know that circumcision reduces HIV infections by 60 percent in men.
We've seen a 99 percent reduction in polio in the last 20 years.
(Laughs) Yesterday, the guys at the car show us their new ideas.
In 5,000 years, we've regressed for city travel.
We think a lot about what really makes science work.
Independent from the presence of others, from history and so on.
It started with the invention of the theory of relativity and quantum theory.
There must be self-organizing mechanisms, inside the universe, that create things.
All actors with a democracy are part of a network of relationships.
And that's really a nice demonstration of how much science costs.
It's about £1.8 billion a year out of 620 billion.
In fact, it's an image of the hydrogen spectrum.
It's an image of the Earth captured in this oraum frame.
It is said that Serbia is an experience that makes humble and forms character.
We know enough at the beginning of the 19th century.
You look great.
I've been trying to reach you since yesterday.
Have you ever seen that little Swiss knife they're supposed to fight with?
My boyfriend died.
But here's the thing, I'm one of the privileged individuals.
So I was then invited to go to the Gulf in May.
So, what do we got?
By the way, we know this because of the black tide of Exxon Valdez.
So, in fact, it speeds up the penetration of oil into the body easily and easily.
And then part of that knowledge is part of my nightmares.
And, whether you believe it or not, this is a taxi in Nigeria.
In my opinion, it's considerable.
You can say it's a health issue.
But we had problems with this one.
And the states have a certain reluctance to deal with these conflicts.
And who knows what name he'll have at the end.
My diplomats are in charge of talking to all these groups.
Now the dialogue can be accompanied by help or without help.
We as diplomats need to understand the social capital of the communities.
In the lobby, they painted the walls and planted trees.
Without elevators, the tower is a flight of 45 stories of stairs.
The visit to the homes of Zabbalin is also full of surprises.
And I'm not the first person to ask that question.
Well, what's the second thing Coke's good at?
What can governments and representatives learn from Coke?
Now, think about how that can change people's lives.
Now it's well integrated with the World Cup campaign.
Use a condom, don't get infected with aids.
And can you guess what these young people are waiting for?
Fifty-five percent of the surface of our cities matches the parked cars.
For only Asia, it will be over one billion people.
They didn't have to walk the same hundred-year path as we did.
And I'd like to talk to you about three stages in this evolution.
So, in a relationship universe, we need to have self-organizing processes.
We're going through a difficult and demanding time on an economic level, of course.
There you see, it's about 620 billion a year.
I just wanted to show this image because it's remarkable.
It's actually an image of the sun's ghost.
But look at the number of black lines in this spectrum.
It's just one of the billion galaxies in the universe.
So, I think science can be-- serotoninity is important.
It can be beautiful and reveal some pretty amazing things.
It looks like Saturn because, of course, it's Sami.
And if I turn up the jackpot over there, you see it.
It's here. It's home. It's us.
We don't need to find out more about our universe.
And he's gonna try to observe your reaction.
If you appreciate what's happening, show the green side.
Other one pulls out his cell phone and calls 911.
Well, big chemical companies are what we're dealing with here.
And that was the entire sea ducks food network.
The question I'm asking you is, why shouldn't we know?
And in order to do that, we need to do this evaluation.
Some of us survive malaria, we survive AIDS.
What's a neptuscope?
There are still people who believe it and they came.
At an oxygen saturation of 97%, when normal is 83%.
And I can tell you, our schedule is full.
So a certain way, that's everybody's business.
The situation, to be honest, is very serious.
Because we never talked to people in these countries.
Now my friends in South Africa know that it was very painful.
The solution is a strategy of commitment and dialogue based on principles.
They're good at using these local entrepreneurial skills.
Melinda French Gates: Feels good, doesn't it?
Well, it's based on avoidance, not suspicion.
I'm sure you've heard some of these messages.
But there is a solution: you build toilets.
I even saw it used as a chicken coop.
The disease could have come from two places.
Fifty percent of the world's population now lives in the city.
We all love our cars, and I love them too.
In fact, what are we up against right now?
They start at the top of the food chain of technology.
We don't need complicated heart transplants around the world.
I don't know, but we'll try.
This universe is described as a network of relationships.
All the properties of things depend on these types of relationships.
So this is general humility, this is quantum theory.
So, an interesting discussion is taking place.
This latest vision of cosmology is called relational vision.
We think it could be hundreds of miles deep.
All right, this looks like an image of, like, nothing at all.
It's a limit to the mass of the stars.
So this star is also 50 million light years away.
So, this doesn't look like our planet.
But he visited Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune.
And we're moving forward today in this difficult economic period.
(Laughs) We're based in New York City.
Each one of these jokes has specific qualifications.
Well, then, let's make way for robot stand-up.
- How can there be any worse news?
So thank you all for being a part of it.
And we're hoping to learn a lot about robot communication.
So this is a case of presumption of innocence.
And we dived into the tablecloth without even the equipment for dangerous material.
Corezana also contains oil solvents as well as many other toxic compounds.
That makes him a very sensitive species to this combination.
And we're hoping some of you guys will help us.
Whatever it is, please let us get the truth.
I graduated from high school at Cleveland High School in Ohio in 1960.
I graduated from college, graduated from medical school in 1984.
Tell me, how many passengers do you think there are on that cab?
Believe it or not, some of us survive.
We're going on a mission.
Good health is wealth, as Hans Rosler says.
Well, here we are, on a mission.
Yeah, let's fix this thing.
It doesn't matter, because it worked well.
Our brains are three times the size of a gorilla; a gorilla.
There, it started to bother me seriously.
And we struggle with how to deal with them.
Red is a modern conflict, conflicts within the states.
We can only solve this problem with a political solution.
It'll last a long, long time.
Because they can turn out to be a majority.
Sailing can be accompanied with or without dispersal.
So, what can we learn from all this?
Maybe it's a first element of change.
The good news is we're not powerless.
In Maidan, there are very few systems or gadgets
It's amazing, if you think about Coke.
Let's compare it to development for a minute.
Well, they're already starting to talk about this.
The third element of Coke's success is marketing.
People serve it for materials.
Then why is all this so important?
In 1997, we dropped to 1,600 cases.
You don't need snow.
They got bigger, they spread.
This was the triumph of neo-darwinism, and so on.
The most important was performed in 2002 by Chase Econobachs.
And electrons can only be found in certain particular places.
Actually, this one's a carbon/oxygen midget.
This is a spectacular image of our home planet.
It's our planet seen from a million miles away.
He said, consider that point again.
I think he's going to be very popular.
He's talking about the Swiss.
Do you like television?
The burden of proof is not on the producer.
Had a violent pain in my throat two days later.
And then there's the terminology problem.
In 5127 there was guabutoxyethanol, which causes internal bleeding.
And, guess what, there's tons of stuff missing.
With oil alone, there's 49 percent fertilization.
I myself, I could see it easily in the water column.
What, in our opinion, would be a trophic stunt?
Look at this bag.
You get richer faster if you're healthy first.
There's Mike, and he's from Mississippi.
You pick what instruments you need, you stock consumables,
These are my classmates.
The human brain is not a big rat brain.
Why does he consume so much energy, then?
It distracts him with nice images, unrelated data.
I'm going to talk to you about two things.
What is the social result of this?
It'll be about people from all over America.
Alan Kay will talk to you later today.
What's the cost of this communications system?
Here's the dialogue:
But my most important question is always the same.
We sit around and she forges our minds.
Black holes are dark on a black sky.
C 248 is the great general theory on the humility of the Einsteins.
Even the light would be diverted along these paths.
He thought nature would protect us from their training.
But basically that's what we're talking about.
They can turn hundreds of times a second.
And we can predict the sound he'll make.
(Laughs) You should get away from the sound.
In this Hubble image we see two galaxies.
They almost appear to be tied up in an embrace.
This is not arming our country to the teeth.
And I said, "Yes, Your Holiness."
But I don't believe in effortless hope.
And a few months later I was writing songs.
You become your country, you become your religion.
There are sinners and saints, criminals and victims.
And groups are often labeled immediately as Netflix terrorists.
You can't talk to everyone all the time.
We didn't realize what was happening.
But we can talk in different ways.
We must embrace these profound changes.
But this strategy never gets us very far.
They sell 2.5 billion drinks every day.
So what's the next step for Irene?
And it's working.
Women refuse to marry men who don't have toilets.
Let's look at a country like India.
They have two and a half million people who can vaccinate.
And a lot more people could have been infected.
It's not field marketing.
But think of where the world is today, eight.
All other forms of transportation have been improved.
I don't look like a motor vehicle.
And the camera looks at her.
We have to show them this thing.
(explosion) ( music playing ) ( applause )
And here are some ethics principles.
I'm in mode and I'm impressed.
The idea was that everything is determined.
Actually, Newton and Locke were friends.
They think about the same things.
So that's what we're gonna talk about.
So that's what we're gonna talk about.
And that's why he calls helicopter.
Well, this is an image of it.
This was taken by the Cassini probe.
The Earth is six billion miles away.
He was clearly being assaulted all the time.
It's named after the Star Trek character.
Because she's his girl.
(applause) You've been a great audience.
And it shows.
So, my project lies along the Atlantic Northwest.
They end up in sewage treatment plants.
And we let the industry lead the dance.
I felt like my throat was on fire.
And usually, the exhibition is a combined exhibition.
The solvents they contain make it very effective.
It will also cause internal bleeding during the ingestion.
We've begun to argue, what do we know?
We rallied some partners.
Don't we have a right to know?
So I'm happy to be here.
You can say that this is partly an education issue.
Trust me, these are current photos.
Today, everyone uses PAX anyway.
Our oxygen tanks weren't working very well.
That's what I mean when I talk about proper technology.
That's exactly how the sockets are designed.
This technology for the delivery of oxygen is not new.
Why is the human brain so special?
I don't think we look like that.
First, you capture atoms in a special bottle,
Dancing actually makes science easier to understand.
But you don't have to take my word for it.
And that brings me to my modest proposal.
We certainly can't argue with these numbers!
Are people satisfied with the results?
The auto cost is underrated, so it's over-consumpted.
We have to set up a better return to the market.
Wireless technology will enable this retroactive cycle in real time.
The cordless networks administer self-cleaning post offices.
(Laughs) We also call them e-mail networks.
I'll give you some examples.
I'll close with two points:
And even the light couldn't escape that current.
This is the hard work of a scientist in difficult conditions.
He didn't believe they existed in nature.
Can you imagine being at the Big Bang Inner?
We're in a hurry, build your instruments!
And this little girl is coming towards me.
You become a Christian, a Muslim, a Jew.
And there are times when you should leave.
The social groups have gone down the streets.
Then let's start with the data.
They have this continuous circle of returns.
Now let's look at the development.
So how does health care and development do their marketing?
And I think that's a mistake.
Well, you work with the community.
But more importantly, it saves lives.
For me it's a deep happiness.
No one would want to do without that.
For the 20 biggest cities in the world.
They started directly with cell phones.
And this network of relationships is constantly evolving.
So we call it a relationship universe.
It's a diameter of about 500 miles.
It's a picture of more conflict.
That's when Cassini flew under Encelade.
And they saw strange images like this.
It's an explosion of a .380 supernova.
And he took this image of Earth.
It knows the intensity of its effect.
He doesn't have feelings... yet.
It's an honor to be here.
Here's the first.
One of them falls on the floor.
He doesn't seem to be breathing.
I find it incredibly educational.
(laughs) That's all for today.
Was that right for my premiere?
There are many other things to come.
This is, on a scale of one area, an ecotoxicology study.
We hardly regulate them.
The decision was to protect the swamp.
So, here we see oil on the surface.
So here we have another scenario.
Is it better with one eye or both?
So that's not rational at all.
So, that's how it works.
They're unidentified.
But that's how my nightmares present themselves.
So, we're launching an independent study.
And that's my specialty.
Open-heart surgery in Nigeria, it's a big problem.
Does he seem happy to you?
We're given a lot of equipment.
So, what are we gonna do now?
We've operated 12 open-heart patients successfully.
Have you ever seen anything like this?
That's what makes him so special.
Well, what about our brains?
It's just a big primate brain.
What happened, then?
I have a doctorate in molecular biology.
And strangely enough, it seems to be working.
They do it by altering their shape.
In Portsmouth, the U.K.,
How do we build a big network?
We see the light reflected by the moon,
They make waves all around.
These are the natural curves of space.
She can't hide behind the black hole.
At home it has a gypsy sound.
Here's another sound from my group.
The two black holes are closing in.
And they're gonna merge.
(Indistinct chatter) C plus is a terrible noise.
C plus is literally the definition of noise.
And I'll try my best.
She answers at airports all over the world.
Working together is what changes our world.
I'll tell you a brief story.
There was a mother and her three children.
His children were killed instantly.
It's hard work, every day.
Actually, I went to Nashville.
In your heart a voice calls.
And I've done thousands of shows.
The others change us, nothing is safe.
And who would talk to terrorists?
And sometimes, military intervention remains necessary.
Everyone seems to agree with that.
Let me take one more step.
There's a revolution going on.
How can we ever be callers?
And what's the dialogue?
We're seeing new signs.
They also built a basketball court.
And there's even a church there.
These dwellings are called kooks.
Sometimes they store seeds there.
I'm not kidding.
They're waiting to be circumcised.
And this victory is so possible.
I could have told them.
And it's definitely a marvel.
You do it in sneakers.
And they were closely connected.
This amount funds everything in the UK.
It's a picture of the moon in the sky.
In fact, it's an ice moon.
So exploration can be profitable in itself.
It's a pretty amazing prediction.
It's called a carbon/oxygen midget.
Voyager is a tiny machine.
They were pretty lucky.
He calls seals sentries.
And they're going into electronic waste dumpsters.
This reaction has become much more aggressive.
It turns out there are pistachios.
They're like the FedEx guys.
So we know because of the previous tides.
And gills are very sensitive.
The respiratory system is very sensitive.
They ripped them from the rock.
Here's the sterilization equipment in Nigeria.
So, here's the problem.
And we were open-heart surgery.
This photo was taken last year.
And you're all primates.
So what is an asset to a human being?
Two words: we're cooking.
Why are we driving too much?
These things are gonna happen.
There's an incredible over-capacity.
The sun burns our peripheral vision,
We can't see them directly.
It's not big enough.
This is one of those groups.
You would literally hear the sound.
Then it's over.
(barking) C mon is over.
Mom, I'm really trying.
I'm of course in favor of adoption of this treaty.
It's stopping the bitumous sands.
It's all at once.
We need this in the world.
The Nobel Peace Prize.
Working for peace is very creative.
You have to work hard, every day.
She also won the Nobel Peace Prize.
She's now running for president.
Maybe they couldn't offer more.
That's not a bad word.
She's a high school student.
And they have a lot of fun.
They took away his colorful sari.
I also like rock and roll.
Bring this campaign to these countries.
Parents are more prone to stress than people who don't have children.
So, how did we get here?
I have a steady job.
The father is in a room, alone.
There's no school program for that.
It's a continuous process of falls.
Let me show you how it works.
Isn't that great?
The front wheels move like this.
We've designed a primitive operational plan.
This is a robot amobe.
It's one of HyD's arms.
Here's this year, in Austria.
Then education is very important.
We reduce it to childish qualities.
It's true to me.
I'm testing your ability to solve.
I see some yeses.
C plus is either white or black.
Well, I'm not naive.
Let's turn to Afghanistan.
Because we didn't report it.
And you can still walk away.
That's not the point.
Should we talk to the padre?
And they brought their knowledge.
Thank you for your attention.
Then why is this interesting?
Well, it's based on aspirations.
Can you believe it?
How did this get here?
So what's the result?
And we're so close.
(Laughs) That's reassuring.
It was twice as long.
That's 1,7 billion people.
So, how does this work?
And let me show you.
What's fascinating and beautiful...
Certainly, we know enough.
Don't be shy.
It's just a robot;
And I got sick.
Now they're at 9500.
The Rebelelles form around the oil.
And Dave Gallo is registered.
which I've recovered from.
Remember all that oil?
But let's continue.
So we've made our calculations.
A laser, that's different.
That would probably help.
This is my vision for the future.
What is their terrible weakness?
We have to move things along.
Thank you.
They destroy the stars all around.
The two black holes are moving.
It could make a noise.
We weren't even there.
These are my multiverse creatures.
Thank you.
That's what they call world security.
It's saving the tigers.
She was Mairead's sister.
This is Rigombata Menchuiri.
Come on, girl.
She started singing her song.
We're all refugees.
She calls Abdulena Yacojima.
It's also hugely pragmatic.
He was flattered.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Their marital satisfaction is lower.
They've been considered economic assets.
We're glad to hear that.
So we have two prototypes.
So this is CsonaBeR.
It's no longer remote controlled.
There you go.
The first is the whore.
She's way too available.
You wouldn't do it to anyone else.
Order, order.
It's an eternal quest.
Come on, my friends, really?
An emerald rooster.
They need political solutions.
This is Tahrir Square.
Sometimes you have to.
An example is hygiene.
It's not optional.
It hasn't changed that much.
I'd better shut up.
So, a tiny moon.
A beautiful and terrible discovery.
Well, there is.
An Earth rising seen by Apollo 8 .
What about scientific discoveries?
What about him?
Good morning, TEDwomen.
Ready for some jokes?
Thanks a lot.
And we reported it.
But it finally passed.
This was found by independent researchers.
Does that make sense?
It's a jumble.
Here's another group.
Sylvia's one of them.
Thanks a lot.
That's unfortunate.
That's impossible.
And so is Darwin.
Thanks a lot.
Good evening.
( music playing ) ( applause )
I'm really scared.
That's not enough.
Ken Livingston has been re-elected.
Zero dollars a month.
It doesn't matter!
They can see you.
Will it happen again?
It reminds me of meditation.
It's time for action.
C mon is incredible.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
They broke his bracelets.
But Sakena defies labels.
And the pressure's rising.
They have to negotiate.
How did Movember start?
I pay my taxes.
Thank you!
No one objects to an opinion.
In mathematics, the Different Equations,
- What?
Gwen, after you.
All right.
Squeeze the owl.
But maybe not.
The project was deemed impossible.
This one was very popular.
This is Jackie White.
She recognized me!
Now everyone's in agreement.
Coke is everywhere.
We need water.
Yes.
I can help you.
Yeah.
The trade secret again.
There were storms.
No one knew.
What about us?
to connect the cultures.
Why this one?
One hundred and fifty-six.
So I tell him.
Myths and magic.
It's remarkable.
Let's see.
Well, great.
Things are getting tougher.
There's more.
I want you to read that clip again.
I was infected.
It's gone.
Guess what?
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Lucky you.
What peaches?
Very interesting.
Thank you.
Thank you.
(applause)
(applause)
( applause )
