We spend so much time talking through each other, not enough time to work out our differences, and if we can find compassion for each other, we have a chance to build a foundation.
And then we made these legs that were modified from the ground, and they grew potato bugs and beets from the top, and very lovely brass toe.
Well, in my experience, children are naturally curious about things they don't know or understand or that they don't know.
I think to find the full potential of humanity, we must celebrate the heartbreaking strengths and wonderful shortcomings that we all have.
Weird coincidences occurred to me 2010, I'd accepted countless invitations to talk about cheetah clowns all over the world.
When the car stopped, the kid suddenly jumped 30 meters into the air and disappeared.
The typical view is that if you see or hear things, you're going crazy, but psychotic hallucinations are completely different.
Fourteen hours of prosthetic surgery to turn into a creature with pinned paws, claws and a tail that waved around like a duck.
The only purpose that these legs can have, separated from the film is to stimulate the senses and awaken the imagination.
I had magnesium feet woven from carbon fibers, shaped after the back of a cheetah, which you may have seen on stage yesterday.
So we made feet that people gently called glass metals, even though they're actually translucent polyurethane, or bowling ball material.
And that's when I knew that my relationship with society has changed profoundly in the last decade.
But sometimes he didn't know for sure if it was an illusion or not because the hallucinations fit the connection.
But only one percent will admit them because they're afraid of becoming locked crazy or something.
So I made a deal with the grown-ups that the kids could come in without the adults for two minutes by themselves.
We're very familiar with our imaginations, our inner landscapes, and we've lived with them our whole lives.
My purpose is to talk about hallucinations, especially certain visual hallucinations in my patients.
But it's completely silent, like a silent movie.
Human beings may not just have what's called a composite housing, but that's also what's called a composite processo, and that's what's known as an Aston Martin on top of it.
Not all of them, and not all of those who send hate mail to me, but you'd be surprised.
This is where I began to move out of the need to repeat humanity as the only aesthetic effect.
The second time he walked the streets of Paris, he saw a man beheaded.
Back home, he saw a six-inch tall beheading model on his desk.
The other pair of feet we worked on were these... they look like jellyfish feet, including polyurethane.
There's a certain form of visual hallucination that could be related to impaired vision or blindness.
The man turned around, divided into six identical striped figures that began to walk towards him.
We now know that there are hundreds of other kinds of cells that can be extremely specialized.
And then this eight-year-old says, "Hey, why wouldn't you like to fly too?"
One day he saw a man in a bathrobe in a pipe, and he realized it was a painting of himself.
One of my other patients, who also had vision, could be disturbing.
There are other parts of the brain that are particularly involved in identifying buildings and landscapes and hallucinating.
Only on higher levels do the other senses enter, creating connections to memory and emotion.
The conversation usually goes something like this:
And the girl who's known me for years at my normal height, 5'9",
As a matter of fact, it's been discovered that the different visual areas of the brain are activated by hallucinations at the time of experimentation.
Around 1970, it was discovered that not only certain parts of the brain, but certain cells.
Because you can't get anyone to agree with you if they don't listen to you first.
For example, if we join a mountain and I come together, we get a volcano, a volcano.
He was a reporter in a magazine called ID, and he did a cover story on me.
People came to me after the conference, after my speech, men and women.
The other character was half woman, half cheetah - a small tribute to my life as an athlete.
But he was scared, and he had been alive for 95 years, and he'd never hallucinated before.
Very often these hallucinations pop up and go away in a heartbeat.
Kermit the Frog means nothing to me.
When pictures are formed, the upper part of the visual cortex of the temporal lobe will be involved.
It's activated when a person recognizes, draws or hallucinates comics.
So we can stop compartmentalizing form, action and aesthetics, and appreciating them in different ways.
A few months ago, I got a call from the nursing home where I work.
No man, no beast, none of which seemed meaningless to him.
And then I said to him, "Will you risk it?" "I think I know what's wrong with you."
Grandfather Charles Lullin saw hundreds of different characters, all kinds of scenery.
One time he said he saw a man in a striped shirt in a restaurant.
The psychotic hallucinations that you're seeing or hearing speak to you.
Now 250 years later, we're starting to get a little enlightenment going.
They don't bother me any more than my tinnitus, which I ignore.
What have I learned from being on the receiving end of all this ugliness?
That, by the way, if you were paying attention, wasn't emotionally correct.
That's why I was there, to invite them over to see and get to know each other.
And interestingly enough, an identity-wise, what does it mean to be handicapped?
I mean, Pamela Anderson has more prosthetic in her body than I do.
I have them with me on stage, vines, magnolias, knockouts.
I was asked if I could come and see the old lady Rosalie.
As for the original description of the disease in the 18th century, Charles Gerhardt didn't see things himself.
The images were transparent, like a screen, covering half the field of vision.
The first descriptions thought that they could be interpreted like dreams.
I'm not a insurance company, and I'm not an undertaker.
I began to wonder how a new, fast way to learn Chinese could be useful.
The symbol of the door looks like the doors of the saloon in the Wild West.
Now he picks up the pen with his thumb and forefinger.
And secondly, is it possible or even meaningful to slow down?
TED was literally the launch pad for my life's journey to the next decade.
It's not fair that you can change your height any way you want.
He said he didn't recognize a single person or place in his delusions.
She was a smart old woman, perfectly healthy in her mind, no medical problems.
Your brain is perfectly fine.
About ten percent of visually impaired people have hallucinations.
The face, sometimes crude, is the most common single sight in these delusions.
Specifically, one area of the temporal lobe called the gyrus faciformis.
There's one other part of the brain that's activated, especially when you see comic books.
You can't get to those higher levels in Charles Wiltt's Syndrome.
Only when you're visually impaired or blind, the chain breaks.
Sometimes I find them interesting, and I have a lot of pictures of them in my notebooks.
In fact, the better I do my job, the more people hate me.
I don't care if you call me a bat.
Today, I'll start with eight to show you how it works.
We put a plank inside the door, latch the door.
Using this way, the first eight radicals allow all 32 signs to be created.
He says to me, "10,000, faithful." "We've been working all over the country."
We said we'd build a device that would do what he wanted.
For some reason, there's no degree requirement, no basics.
I was going to say, IBM, Gomez, Hallelujah, what a great idea!
It's supposed to be the Incredible Family.
And poetry lifts the jackal and neglected object into the realm of art.
We see with our eyes, but we see with our brains.
But in the last few days, he'd seen things.
I see a lot of kids walking up and down the stairs.
I meet a lot of old people with impaired hearing or vision.
In 1766, he described to his grandson the very different things he saw.
Sometimes he could see a teenage boy sitting on the hood.
If they admit to their doctors, they could be misdiagnosed.
The nature of being spoken to does not appear in Charles Gerhardt's hallucinations at all.
When humans have simple geometric hallucinations, the primary visual cortex is activated.
You speak of these things with great understanding and empathy towards your patients.
One eye's blind and the other one's not quite right either.
Isn't that what concerns you?
I learned new signs every day for 15 years.
One tree is a tree, and two trees form a small forest.
The mark on the left is two mountains on top of each other.
But I don't think it's surprising.
And I think on a psychological level, this creates an equation.
And if it's not embarrassing enough, I got a ticket in Italy.
It gives you a rush of adrenaline, and it's hard to let go.
Or simply use the time to slow down and enjoy life.
What I'm saying is that I don't particularly overload myself anymore.
We see inside and out psychology like this all the time.
Some of you saw me on the air 11 years ago.
Lucky for me, a lot of people answered the call.
People have hallucinations, of course, hallucinations are completely different.
I see a white building, it's snowing softly.
The boy was very persistent and moved quite smoothly when the car turned.
Suddenly you see a car.
Thank you very much.
And that means people don't like us, right?
He was sitting at a table with seven or eight guys.
You take the load away, it becomes more manageable.
We went on a date, now we're on a speed date.
So even sex is clockwork these days.
One is that speed is fun and sexy.
The most-advised research that we've done has been about race.
Some of the cards had white hands, others had dark hands, the cards were the same.
We're thinking of creating something completely new that affects mobility.
But nothing has been invented to make me walk until now.
And other things I don't know.
In those days, the feet I played were groundbreaking prosthetics.
The fake chute no longer describes the need to make up for lost time.
It's like they're coming from the outside and imitating what we saw.
I see a harnessed horse dragging snow away.
About ten percent of visually impaired people have visual hallucinations.
You don't have to be completely blind. Weak enough eyesight is enough.
First he told me he saw a handkerchief in the air.
And then these six figures rejoined like an accordion.
This part of the brain detects boundary surfaces and models.
I just want to put together a summary and tell you that this is common.
As a reminder, it's D-Y-K-E.
In other words, we may be politically correct, but emotionally wrong.
Sean Hannity is one of the nicest men I've ever met.
I get a lot of really nice letters.
It's the building blocks that create a lot of other signs.
Put the glow of the sun and the moon together, you get the brightness.
This person sneaks through the door, escapes, moves away.
Three women, now be careful. The result is infidelity.
The mouth that tells you where to go is the exit.
It's supposed to be Inspector Nadal!
Today I'm 6'4".
But the teeth on the other side of his mouth are huge.
He wondered if he was going crazy or losing his mind.
About ten percent of the hearingly impaired have musical hallucinations.
I think I've said all I wanted to say.
Do you have any experience of yourselves with the syndrome you write about?
Since then, I've been thrilled by this wonderful language.
Open your mouth as big as you can until it's squared away.
He's a prisoner, like Jonah inside a whale.
If you put a plank under the tree, you'll have a foundation.
If you light a fire under two trees, it's on fire.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The next group of eight signs creates another 32 signs.
Once we've learned the signs, we'll start inventing phrases.
See how the fingers catch up, the thumb rises, the wrist.
We advertised a quick turnaround.
It's a limited resource. It wears out all the time.
Well... we're hurrying, aren't we?
I was on my way... well... wordplay was meaningless.
But why is it so hard to slow down?
These convictions are usually precise.
We see it in the political controversy between different ideological groups.
It could be China or India or some African country.
It's estimated that 1.8 million people in wheelchairs in the world.
So, scientists and engineers, please, talk to us nerdly.
When you describe your science, be careful with jargon.
These are actually soy fields.
These are some startling things we found.
They don't talk about it much.
How do you feed a growing population without destroying our planet?
There's 8,500 cubic miles of water used in farming every year.
that's enough to fill 77,000 Empire State Buildings every day.
On the side of commercial agriculture, environmentalism and organic production...
And, like Hitler, Göring thought of himself as an art collector.
Goering was a horrible man by all accounts.
And also these very real-looking painted radishes.
No medication that could cause hallucinations.
I've been in this situation before.
A big blue handkerchief with four orange circles.
A lot of them had to do with the car.
My other patient had a different kind of hallucination.
You hear traffic, all your senses sensitive.
The images aren't formed in the primary visual cortex.
The facial cells were discovered around 1944.
You can't get out of the tree for long if you think of them as dreams.
Oliver Sacks: 23 minutes, 42 seconds. 00 minutes, 12 seconds.
A lot.
This was an absolutely fascinating speech.
When I do my job, people hate me.
Are you friendly?
Three fires means a lot of flames.
The sun is a sign of happiness for us.
The sun rises over the horizon, the sun rises.
We know Japan is the land of the rising sun.
So the sun and the origin, we get Japan.
These boys have an attitude that can't be understood.
I thought long and hard.
First of all, how did we get so fast?
It runs in huge, leisure spheres.
My natural state is no longer a rush-aholic.
Thank you.
This is traditionally the most respectable form of happiness.
Professional language is a wall in the way of understanding your ideas.
You can communicate with your science clearly without losing your mind.
When you show off your work, leave out the bullets.
Instead, they want to feed them more plant protein.
This is a map of the world's agricultural areas.
It's taking 30 million square miles of land.
We're already using up all the land on our planet.
There really wasn't a Warner Club environmental organization in the Soviet Union.
And there's also a large portion of the atmosphere that is radically burdened by farming.
What must a beautiful woman look like?
No one knew - everyone thought they were wooden boots.
It's no longer a conversation about overcoming mental incompetence.
Seeing with your brain is often called imagination.
They don't feel like our own creations.
They don't seem to be under our control.
They come to a certain point and stop.
And he didn't know what was happening.
Grandfather was a justice of the peace, an elderly man.
Then he saw a big ring in the air.
They're pretty fast and change suddenly.
Things can be very complicated.
Mainly, he used to see comic books.
In particular, he saw comic books about Kermit the Frog.
I began to meditate on Freudian solutions.
What's happening to these people?
It's a certain Tuesday night in 1988.
This specialty is very interesting.
I happened to see an Aston Martin this morning.
Actually, my eyesight is a little compromised.
I'm a homosexual commentator for Fox News.
First, that you spell it right.
Or do you really want to hurt me personally?
For literacy, it's $1,000.
Let's put your mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Man after Japan, what do we get?
Losing one hand?
I was thinking about those boys with no hands.
There's something interesting about our society and our culture.
And don't destroy what you've enhanced.
Time is limited, so what do we do?
Even if sometimes they do nothing.
We're very good at this kind of thing.
One of the dolls might have liked the green beans.
It's the night you don't sleep when you think about it.
We tie ourselves up in other ways, too.
One percent of the population.
He took the last spark of hope from inside me.
How are they different from the rest of us?
It doesn't smile all the time.
Now you can open your eyes.
I learned this firsthand on my next adventure.
Here's the enlargement.
A man who turns to me and smiles.
Then one night, the view changes.
I see cats and dogs pawing at me.
I told the nurses.
Normally, they don't fade or get stronger.
The reconstruction of sights is sometimes referred to as cryogenics.
Second most common are comic books.
Kermit means nothing to me.
And they don't bother you?
This is a person walking.
Three trees form a larger forest.
If there's two fires, it's really hot.
There's a woman on the left.
Two women, we have a debate.
We've been through about 30 signs.
These days, deportation has turned into an outing.
We showed it to some of the boys.
That's 14 degrees of freedom.
Each button will enlarge the text.
I had two questions.
Whereas in the West, time is linear.
You either use it or lose it.
We want to go back to a slower rhythm.
Do leaders make good decisions for me?
You have to move in their rhythm.
Smith wants to know how you reacted.
It matters a great deal, Smith says.
At Berkeley Bionics, we call these robots exoskeletons.
This is more than wishful thinking.
Amanda's wearing our EMFS gear.
In fact, people are totally dependent on it.
We'd need nutrients and water.
Now there are nearly seven billion people.
It's almost the size of South America.
Today, the flow of many major rivers has diminished.
And I thought it was funny.
I work most of my time in retirement homes.
He knew it was a hallucination.
There are no tissues hanging in the air.
It was the only character he recognized.
He had very motile hallucinations.
They seduce, they humiliate.
Standing on a certain street corner.
Waiting for his girlfriend.
The Charles Wiet hallucinations are completely different.
Now it's around here somewhere.
Think of the number of blind people.
Thank you.
It's almost exactly like that.
The anger mail I'm getting is incredible.
I'll give you an example.
Political persuasion begins to be emotionally correct.
I'm not saying it's easy.
A Chinese scholar understands about 20,000 signs.
The space bar's pointing down the page.
I went through this really fast.
In some cultures, time is a cycle.
It's usually renewable and renewable.
One of you may deny this.
The Taj Mahal was born in Poland in 1935.
I'm being cautious.
Thanks.
The first is positive feelings.
The pursuit of meaning is the most powerful.
Lake Aral is probably the worst.
This is a massive environmental disaster.
More than all the traffic.
More than all the electricity.
It's as important as global warming.
That's almost the population of Germany.
But that's not the only problem.
The total acreage is 10 million square miles.
That's 100 million square miles of labs.
Where do we go from here?
Someone who could be super-potent.
It's a conversation about adding.
It's a conversation about potential.
I went to see him.
He knew it was an illusion.
Totally out of his control.
I examined him thoroughly.
You have Charles Wiet Syndrome.
You start to see things.
What's happening?
I had to take it with me.
Suddenly this.
I'm having chronic hallucinations.
Thank you very much.
He can't have sex...
And that's just part of the show.
I call these eight figures radicals.
Three suns, blink.
Knock, knock.
And it can't be done.
You can write over it, it works on all the shows.
I think there are many reasons.
Can you guess what this is?
Let him put it that way.
Let me get this straight.
You see the canal dug up?
It's the size of Africa.
Everyone has to sit down.
One of the answers was George Clooney.
They just don't like them.
She feels sorry for him.
The first shock hurts like hell.
That's when the anxiety hit.
Depression is defective love.
My son had a father.
It's a great city.
It began an incredible journey.
What kind of body is sexy?
His grandfather was having hallucinations.
She had cataract surgery.
Well, my eyes were weak.
So I'm gonna be on television.
I care about two things.
You might be surprised.
So here's something you didn't expect:
Two suns, lucky you.
A whole hand, amputated from the shoulder.
We put it together.
He's going to scratch his nose.
We could be wrong.
It's one of those things that can go wrong.
There are many ways.
This is Harriet Beecher Stowe.
So that's reality.
We really needed the money.
Imagine this happened to Lake Superior.
Or Lake Huron.
It's an extraordinary change.
Let's start with this.
Now it's a quick walk.
The most important thing is a change in diet.
The plants need water and nutrients.
Nobody calls him a retard.
Then there'll be another change.
But he was blind.
They scared him.
They're mocking you.
You're interacting with them.
You can smell the toasted chestnut.
But only that.
The negatives are really nice.
It's emotional blindness.
The result is a mouth.
This is a tree.
This is a mountain.
It weighs 3.1 kilos.
That's great.
Double the words, look at 200, double click.
The Tajcolo denied this.
We've narrowed it down.
A caterpillar's mouth.
That's funny.
Environment conditions have changed.
Some things get all dried up.
That's a pickle.
This is Sofia Goring.
Why does that matter?
Would you eat this?
The pain gets less.
But we need more ideas.
But the truth lies.
It's also important to get crazy.
Thank you very much.
Are you ready?
Japanese.
They're equipped with sensors.
Thank you.
We must work together.
Take food, for example.
Well, let's think about sex.
And poetry matters.
Thank you.
Including animals.
Why Kermit?
Thank you.
The sun.
Interesting.
They're heavy!
