We spend so much time talking past each other, not enough time to settle our differences, and if we can find compassion for each other, then we also have a chance to build an unrelenting foundation.
And then we made these legs that were shaped from the ground, and they grew potato nuts, and beets from the top, and a very lovely pineapple.
In my experience, children are naturally curious about things they don't know or understand or that they don't know.
I think that to find the full potential of humanity, we must celebrate the heartbreaking strengths and wonderful shortcomings that we all have.
I had had some strange coincidences, and I had accepted countless invitations to talk about cheetah bosses all over the world.
When the car stopped, the kid suddenly jumped 30 meters into the air and disappeared.
The typical view is that if you see or hear things, you're going crazy, but psychotic hallucinations are completely different.
Fourteen hours of protein surgery to turn myself into a creature with bowed paws, claws, and tail that was waving around like a duck.
The only purpose these feet can have, taken out of film's image, is to impulse the senses and awaken the imagination.
I had a pair of carbon-fiber knitting legs, shaped after the back of a cheetah, which you may have seen on stage yesterday.
So we made legs that people gently called glass bars, even though they're actually translucent polyurethane, which is bowling ball material.
And that's when I knew that my relationship with society has changed profoundly in the last decade.
But sometimes he didn't know for sure if it was a hallucination or not, because the hallucinations fit the connection.
But only one percent of them admit it because they're afraid they're gonna turn into a locked-up madman or something.
So I made a deal with the adults to let the kids come in without the adults for two minutes on their own.
We know our own imaginations, our inner scenery, and we've lived with them all our lives.
My purpose is to talk about hallucinations, especially a certain visual hallucination that my patients have.
But it's completely silent, like a silent movie.
It's possible that people don't just have a car and a car and a car and a car and a car and a car and a car and a car and a car and a car and a car and a car and a car and a car and a car and a car and a car and a car and a car and a car have cells.
Not all of them, and not the ones who send me hate mail, but you'd be surprised.
This is where I began to move away from the need to repeat humanity as the only aesthetical object.
The second time he walked the streets of Paris, he saw a man beheaded.
At home, he saw a six-inch tall beheading model on his desk.
The other pair of feet we were working on... they look like jellyfish' feet.
There's a certain form of visual hallucination that may be related to impaired vision or blindness.
The man turned around, divided into six identical striped figures who began to walk towards him.
We now know that there are hundreds of other kinds of cells that can be extremely specialized.
Then this eight-year-old said, "Hey, why wouldn't you want to fly too?"
One day, he saw a man in a bathrobe with a pipe and realized it was playing him.
One of my other patients, who also had vision, could be disturbing.
There are other parts of the brain that are particularly involved in identifying buildings and scenery and hallucinating.
Only on higher levels do other senses enter, creating connections to memory and emotion.
The conversation usually goes something like this:
And the girl who's known me for years at my normal height, 5'2",
As a matter of fact, it's been discovered that the different vision areas of the brain are activated by hallucinations during experimentation.
It was discovered some parts of the brain, some parts of the brain, but some cells as well.
Because you can't get anyone to agree with you if they don't listen to you first.
For example, if we join a mountain and I come together, we'll have a volcano.
He was a reporter in a magazine called ID, and he did a cover story on me.
People came to me after the conference, after my speech, men and women.
The other character was half woman, half cheetah - a small tribute to my life as an athlete.
But he was scared because he'd been alive for 40 years and he'd never hallucinated before.
Very often these hallucinations pop up and go away in a heartbeat.
Kermit the Jackal means nothing to me.
When these images are formed, the upper part of the peripheral lobe becomes involved.
It's activated when people recognize, draw or hallucinate comics.
So we can stop with the boxed form, the action, the aerial, and the appreciation of them in different ways.
A few months ago, I got a call from the nursing home where I work.
No man, no animal, they all seemed meaningless to him.
And then I said to him, I think I know what's wrong with you.
Grandfather Charles Lullin saw hundreds of figures and all kinds of scenery.
One time he said he saw a man in a striped shirt at a restaurant.
See or hear psychotic hallucinations speak to you, they blame you.
And now, two hundred and fifty years later, we're starting to get a little enlightenment going.
They don't bother me any more than they bother me with my personality, which I overlook.
What have I learned from being the receiver in all this uglyness?
That, by the way, if you were paying attention, wasn't emotionally correct.
That's why I was there. I wanted to invite them over, get to know each other.
And interestingly enough, for an identity, what does it mean to be retarded?
I mean, Pamela Anderson has more promicin in her body than I do.
I've got 'em right here on stage, grapes, magnolias, knockouts.
I was asked if I could come and see the old lady Rosalie.
As far as the original description of the disease back in the 18th century,
The images were translucent and, like a screen, covered up half the vision.
In the first descriptions, it was thought that they could be read like dreams.
I'm not an undertaker.
I began to wonder how a new, quick way to learn Chinese could be useful.
The symbol of the door looks like the doors of a saloon in the Wild West.
Now he picks up the pen with his thumb and forearm.
And secondly, is it possible, or even meaningful, to slow down?
The D.E.D. was literally the launcher of my life's journey to the next decade.
It's not fair that you can change your height any way you want.
He said he didn't recognize a single person or place in his delusions.
She was a smart old woman, perfectly healthy in her mind, no medical problems.
Your brain is perfectly fine.
About ten per cent of all visions have hallucinations.
The face, sometimes a dirty face, is the most common single sight in these hallucinations.
In particular, there's one area of the temple lobe that's known as "Glorus fusiformis."
There's one other part of the brain that gets activated, especially when you see comic books.
There's no way to get to those higher levels.
Only when you're visually impaired or blind, the chain breaks.
Sometimes I find them interesting, and I have a lot of pictures of them in my notebooks.
In fact, the better I do my job, the more people hate me.
I don't care if you call me a bat.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how it works.
Let's put a hook inside the door.
Using this way, the first eight radicals allow for 32 signs.
He says to me, "Two-three-three, two-three, three-three, four-three, we've been working all over the country."
We said we'd build a machine that does what he wants.
For some reason, there's no degree and no basics.
What a great idea!
It's supposed to be the Wonder Family.
It's poetry that raises the Jackal and the missing object into the realm of art.
We can see with our eyes, but we can see with our brains.
But in the last few days, he had seen things.
I see a lot of kids walking up and down the stairs.
I meet a lot of old people with deafness or eyesight.
And in 17STEN, he described to his granddaughter all the different things he saw.
Sometimes he could see a teenage boy sitting on the hood.
If they admit to their doctors, they could be misdiagnosed.
This is not the nature of being spoken to.
When human beings are having simple, cosmic hallucinations, they activate their optical lobe.
You speak of these things in a way that shows great understanding and harmony towards your patients.
One eye is blind and the other is not quite right.
Because you understand their reason, don't they worry you?
I learned new signs every day for 15 years.
One tree is a tree, and two trees form a small forest.
The mark on the left is two mountains on top of each other.
I still don't think it's surprising.
And I think on a psychological level, this is what creates the equation.
And if it's not enough to be ashamed of, I got a ticket in Italy.
It'll give you a rush, and it'll be hard to give it up.
Or simply use the time to slow down and enjoy life.
I mean, I don't usually overload myself anymore.
We see inside and out psychology like this all the time.
Some of you saw me on the show 11 years ago.
Lucky for me, a lot of people answered the call.
People have hallucinations, of course, but hallucinations are completely different.
I see a white building, it's snowing softly.
The boy was very resilient and moved quite smoothly when the car turned.
Suddenly you see a car.
Thank you very much.
And that means people don't like us, right?
He was sitting at a table with seven or eight guys.
When you take it away, it becomes more controlling.
We went on a date, now we're on a speed date.
So even sex is on a clock these days.
One is that speed is fun and sexy.
Most of this has been researched on race issues.
Some of the cards had white hands, others had dark hands.
We thought we'd create something completely new, something that would affect your exercise.
But nothing has been invented to make me walk, until now.
And other things I don't know.
In those days, the legs I played were groundbreaking.
It's no longer about the need to make up for lost time.
It's like they're coming from the outside and mimic our sightings.
I see a harnessed horse dragging snow away.
About ten percent of visually impaired people have visual hallucinations.
You don't have to be completely blind. Weak enough eyesight is enough.
First he told me he saw a handkerchief in the air.
Then these six figures rejoined like a haitar.
This part of the brain detects boundaries and models.
I just want to put it all together and let you know that this is common.
As a reminder, it's D-Y-K-E.
In other words, we may be politically correct, but emotionally wrong.
He's one of the nicest men I've ever met.
I get a lot of really nice letters.
They're the building blocks that make all the other signs.
Put the glow of the sun and the moon together, and you get the brightness.
This person sneaks through the door, escapes, moves away.
Three women, now be careful.
The mouth that tells you where to go is the exit.
It's supposed to be Inspector...
Today I'm 5'2".
But the teeth on the other side of his mouth are huge.
He wondered if he was going crazy or losing his mind.
About ten percent of deaf people have musical hallucinations.
I think I've said everything I want to say.
Do you yourself have any experience of the diseases you write about?
Ever since then, I've been enchanted by this wonderful language.
Open your mouth as big as you can until it's square.
He's a prisoner... like Jonah inside the whale.
If you put a hook under a tree, you'll have a foundation.
If you light a fire under two trees, it's on fire.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The next group of eight signs will create another 32 signs.
Once we've learned the signs, we'll start creating the phrases.
Watch as the fingers catch up, the thumb rises, the wrist.
We're doing a quickie.
It's a limited resources: it's used all the time.
Well... we're rushing, aren't we?
I was coming - well - the pun was pointless.
But why is it so hard to slow down?
These kinds of convictions are usually accurate.
We see it in the political differences between the different cosmic groups.
It could be China, it could be India, it could be some African country.
The world is estimated to be in a wheelchair.
So, scientists and engineers, please, talk to us nerdly.
When you describe your science, be careful with the professional language.
These are actually soya fields.
These are the startling things we found.
They don't talk about it much.
How do you feed a growing population without destroying our planet?
It's used to grow 1,200 cubic miles of water every year.
That's enough to fill seven million Empire State buildings every day.
All those in favour of commercial farming, environment and organic foods...
And, like Hitler, he thought of himself as an art collector.
Goering was a terrible man by all accounts.
And also these very real-looking, painted reefs.
No medication that could cause hallucinations.
I've been in this situation before.
A large blue handkerchief with four orange circles.
A lot of them had to do with the car.
My other patient had a different kind of hallucination.
You hear traffic, all your senses sensitive.
The imagery isn't formed in the nose.
The face cells were discovered in roughly 1 0,000 years.
You can't get out of a tree if you think they're dreams.
This is the question I was afraid of.
Yeah, a lot.
This speech was absolutely fascinating.
When I do my job, people hate me.
Are you just being naive?
Three fires means a lot of flames.
The sun is a sign of fortune for us.
The sun rises over the horizon, the sun rises.
We know Japan is the land of the rising sun.
So the sun and the source, we get Japan.
These boys have an attitude that can't be understood.
I thought long and hard.
First of all, how did we get so fast?
It's traveling in huge, unheard-of worlds.
My natural state is no longer a rush-holic.
Thank you.
This is traditionally the most respectable form of happiness.
Your professional language is a wall in the way of understanding your ideas.
You can communicate your science clearly without losing your mind.
When you show off your work, leave out the bullets.
Instead, they want to feed them more plant protein.
This is a map of the world's farming grounds.
It'll take 10 million square miles of land.
We're already using up all the land on our planet.
There really wasn't one in the Soviet Union, the Voice Club.
It's also a great deal of the atmosphere that is overwhelmed by farming.
What should a beautiful woman look like?
Nobody knew - everyone thought they were wooden boots.
It's no longer a conversation about overcoming a retard.
Seeing with your brain is often called imagination.
They don't feel like our own creations.
They don't seem to be under our control.
They come to a certain point and stop.
And he didn't know what was happening.
Grandfather was a justice of the peace, an old man.
Then he saw a big tire in the air.
They're pretty fast and they change suddenly.
Things can be very complicated.
He used to see comic books, but most of all comic books.
Especially the comic books about Kermit the thunder.
I was beginning to think about all of this, you know, what they're doing in the Freren.
What's happening to these people?
It's a certain Tuesday night, that's what it is.
This specialty is very interesting.
I happened to see an Aston Martin this morning.
In fact, my eyesight is a little weak.
I'm a gay commentator for Fox News.
First of all, I want you to spell it right.
Or do you really want to hurt me personally?
You only need a thousand for reading skills.
Put your mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Man after Japan, what do we get?
Losing one arm?
I was thinking about those boys with no hands.
There's something interesting about our society and our culture.
And don't destroy what you've made of it.
We don't have a lot of time, so what do we do?
Even if sometimes they do nothing.
We're very good at this kind of thing.
One of the dolls might have liked the green beans.
The night you think about it, you don't sleep.
We tie ourselves up in other ways, too.
One percent of the population.
He took the last spark of hope from inside me.
How are they different from the rest of us?
It's not always smiling.
Now you can open your eyes.
I learned this in person on my next adventure.
Here's an enlargement.
A man who turns to me and smiles.
Then one night, the view changes.
I see cats and dogs pawing at me.
I told the nurses.
Normally, they don't blind and they don't get stronger.
The re-entry of sights is sometimes called crynopsy.
Second most common are comic books.
Kermit means nothing to me.
And they don't bother you?
Here's a human walking.
Three trees form a bigger forest.
If there's two fires, it's gonna get real hot.
There's a woman on the left.
Two women, we have a debate.
We've been through about 30 signs.
These days, deportation has turned into exile.
We showed it to some of the boys.
That's 14 degrees of freedom.
Each press will enlarge the text.
I had two questions.
Whereas in the Western world, time is so much bigger, so much bigger, so much bigger.
You either use it or lose it.
We need to get back to a slower rhythm.
Do the people in charge make good decisions for me?
You have to move in their rhythm.
Smith wants to know how you reacted.
It means a lot, Smith says.
At Berkeley bionics, we call these robots exoskelons.
This is more than wishful thinking.
Amanda's wearing our E.P.R.S. gear.
In fact, people are totally depending on it.
We'd need food and water.
Now there are nearly seven billion people.
It's almost the size of South America.
Today, the flow of many great rivers has diminished.
And I thought it was funny.
I work most of the time in nursing homes.
He knew it was a hallucination.
There are no tissues hanging in the air.
It was the only character he recognized.
He had some very moving hallucinations.
They seduce, they humiliate.
Standing on a certain street corner.
Waiting for his girlfriend.
It's not the same thing as having hallucinations.
Now it's here somewhere.
Think of the number of blind people.
Thank you.
It's almost exactly like that.
The hate mail I'm getting is incredible.
I'll give you an example.
The political persuading is becoming emotionally correct.
I'm not saying it's easy.
A Chinese scholar understands about 20,000 signs.
There's a space button that turns the page down.
I went through these things real quick.
In some cultures, time is a cycle.
It's very renewable and renewable.
One of you may deny this.
It was born in Poland.
And with careful judgment.
Thank you.
So it's a second way, the first is positive feelings.
The pursuit of meaning is the strongest.
Lake Aral is probably the worst.
It's a major environmental disaster.
More than all the traffic.
More than all the electricity.
It's as important as global warming.
That's almost the population of Germany.
But that's not the only problem.
The total farming area is 10 million square miles.
That's 30 million square miles of land.
How do we go from here?
Someone who could be super capable.
It's a conversation about more.
It's a conversation about potential.
I went to see him.
He knew it was an illusion.
Totally out of his control.
I examined him thoroughly.
You're suffering from what's known as CharlesSTENt's Syndrome.
You start to see things.
What's happening?
I had to take it with me.
Suddenly this.
I'm hallucinating. I'm hallucinating. I'm hallucinating.
Thank you very much.
Can't have sex ...
And that's just part of the show.
I call these eight figures radicals.
Three suns, lightning.
Anybody home?
And it can't be done.
You can type on it, it works on all the shows.
I think there are many reasons.
Can you guess what this is?
Let him put it that way.
Let's get this straight.
You see the tunnel that's been dug?
It's the size of Africa.
Everyone has to sit down.
One of the answers was George Clooney.
They just don't like them.
She feels sorry for him.
The first shock hurts like hell.
And that's when I got the anguish.
Depression is a faulty love.
My son still had a father.
It's a great city.
It started an incredible journey.
What kind of body is sexy?
His grandfather was having hallucinations.
He had a C-section.
His sight was weak.
So I'm gonna be on TV.
I care about two things.
You might be surprised.
So here's something you didn't expect:
Two suns, lucky you.
A whole arm, assaulted from the shoulder.
We put it together.
He's going to scratch his nose.
We could be wrong.
It's not the only thing that can go wrong.
There are many ways to do that.
This is Harriet Beecher Stowe.
So that's reality.
I really needed the money.
Imagine this happened to High Lake.
Or Lake Huron.
It's an extraordinary change.
Let's start with this.
Now you can walk there.
The most important thing is the diet change.
The plants need water and nourishment.
Nobody calls him a cripple.
Then there'll be another change.
But he was blind.
They scared him.
They're mocking me.
You're in contact with them.
You can smell the toasted chestnut.
But only those.
The negatives are really nice.
It's emotional instability.
The result is a mouth.
This is a tree.
This is a mountain.
It weighs three pounds.
That's great.
Look at 200.
This was denied by the TajNAME.
We've narrowed it down.
A caterpillar's mouth.
That's strange.
The atmosphere has changed.
Some will dry out completely.
We've got a situation...
It's called the "Titanic. "
Why does it matter?
Would you eat this?
The pain will go away.
But we need more ideas.
But the truth lies.
It's important to be crazy, too.
Thank you very much.
Are you ready?
Japanese.
They have sensors.
Thank you.
We must work together.
Take food, for example.
Well, let's think about sex.
Poetry matters.
Thank you.
Including animals.
Why Kermit?
Thank you.
The sun.
Interesting.
They're heavy!
