"New cities like where they were built, ancient cities like where they were built, the 21st-century museum of Zha-Had, and here in New York, the development of the highline has been greatly influenced."
"Outside the windows and doors, there are little children watching over us, while the town is crowded with people, and, in fact, the surprise is that all the buildings are full of children."
"Over the years, the people of Zaverine lived in temporary villages to avoid local activity, but they lived like fishermen in the early '50s on the eastern side of Chilo."
"When I look at these places today, I'm impressed by the fact that there's no normal, and I'm proven that people are capable of adapting to any environment."
"When former Prime Minister平n was involved in the Oslo process, he said that peace isn't about making friends, but peace is about making enemies."
"Now that it's been 60 years, people have been using the city in a whole different way than the original purpose, for example, these people are using the windows of a meeting place instead of a chair."
"One day, they'd not only scream the Logan at the bushes, they'd join the negotiations, which is one of the reasons they represented the victims of such weaponry."
"Through my career, I was fortunate to record the work of good architects around the world, observe how their work affects the city."
What happens if we can move to democracy and assume a端 of a normal civilized relationship between the two nations if we can't?
"Finally, I would like to quote my friend and source of inspiration, the founder of the Shoreファストお母さんs, called Jeita Cobb, based on the island of Torgo, Newfoundland."
"When I first visited India, there was no soil, no water, no electricity, but still this is an actual sight all over the world."
"What's the right to be a diplomatic force in the area we're vaguely calling a group that understands them and can't address the problem, what's the right to be solved?"
"In the project we're running, we work with all the local corporations and merchants, people who help us keep the space, move the furniture, take care of the plants."
"It's a famous picture that many say was taken in the early year, when Paris was in the midst of a civil war in Vietnam."
"If we don't negotiate with the group that represents democracy while we talk about democracy, then it's a good thing we're calling them a double stand."
"And over the years, I followed the construction site of the Chinese central buildings, the Hertz, and the Olympic stadium in記憶."
"If we can't bring people and citizens into the problem as a part of the solution, then negotiating will not be enough."
"With the years of construction, even though it remains a mess, it will be a landmark of sophisticated buildings they're building."
They try to make their space as clean and comfortable as possible in the environment they're given.
This tower is like a live city where microeマンs find their own way of adapting and small business.
"Anyone who moves to the tower already has a roof, so they can decide where they want to live, with curtains and敷ts."
The reason I came to Mexico in the first place was to join a project my friend Kuile Adami built for a three- flight watershed for its children.
"In a coven like this, there's a bunch of garbage in the walls to show you how to make an interesting balance between the new and the new and the new."
It would have been if we hadn't been transferred from the従来 diplomatic policy that would involve civilians.
"These people will literally build their own houses, and this loveful effort will be the pride of many families who live in this tower."
"There's a gym on the 30th floor, and we're using elevators that weren't meant to fit in."
"But the room across from this cow shed is where a newlywed's wife lives, which, locals say is the most beautiful apartment in the area."
"If we don't improve our communication skills, we won't be able to create a bigger ""we"" and face our problems."
"In the tower, you'll see all kinds of services, like hair shops, small shops, and there are small grocery stores and shops on each floor."
"In my line of work, the most I like to do is to be able to visit more countries, in fact, quite often."
"It's the same thing that we want our children to grow up and succeed and live a happy, healthy life."
"These things have a great impact on countries like取りoピーa, so the death rate of取りoピーa's children dropped from 2000 to 251 in two decades."
"And not just to imagine what makes people happy, for example, going out to Latin America where they understand happiness has something to do with their lives."
"There are over a billion people living there, but there are over 30,000 local doctors reporting paralysis, and there's a massive reporting system from medical doctors and pharmaceuticals."
"What matters is that this is perhaps the firstボt-up revolution in the history of the Arab world, a revolution of the people."
"In the future, we need to look at the success of this, not the diplomatic policy that was cut off from people and citizens."
We've talked to a couple of local architects and think tanks about Tore De Davi in a 45-foot office building in the center of the word.
"Well, in Africa, we're talking about a community called Macoco, which is a slum where 150,000 people are living on the waters of Rago."
"Because these specific spaces are made by people who live and work and play, this area is designed instinctively to live long enough."
"She said, ""The disease of evenness is depriving me of the joy of living."
And they say the electricity will be used instead of the mechanical power.
"There's too much information about this matter, and I can provide it in many ways."
"And if we don't respect the rights of a few, how can we say that the Muslims should respect the rights of a few?"
"Eight years ago, people were moving in to this abandoned building, and they started building houses between the pillars of this destructive building."
"While living in this unfinished tower, the people have gathered answers to answer all sorts of problems."
"But I realized there's a thing about Coke, that people there gather goods and sell them out of the reach of Coke."
"The doctors took the intake samples on August 14th and 15th, confirmed to be a one-and-a-half."
"And there was a revolution in the 20th century, this revolution happened at the beginning of the 20th century, and it's still going on."
"Meanwhile, our physicists have spent a lot of time understanding and combining the theory of quantum and relative evolution."
"This is a Brooklyn bed-stay, which means there was a short road for a car that wasn't much of a need."
"We're applying this technology to buses, and New York City's bus schedules are the biggest in North America, but they're still slowest."
"You can only see the surface on the screen, but the ice is probably hundreds of kilometers thick."
"Tonight, I'd like to talk to you about where I'm going to be most involved with theズ and the robotics."
"In this area, famous for its soft, canny soil, there were at least 40 million houses all over the country until recently."
A place like Tore De Davi is especially remarkable because such bone-like structures serve the foundation of people's creative powers.
And it's amazing what we have in common in such many corners.
"First, I want you to explain to me why it's not good to pee outside the village."
"I mean, if you start to understand what people really want with medicine and development, you can change the community, change the whole country."
It's just north of the border or just south of Ralcan.
We can compare the time it takes to cross the continent with the time it takes to use railroads and airplanes.
The way one person's view of time and space is very close to the way one person's.
"And when we get closer, it's natural to think that all the elements of the relevant universe are relevant to each other."
"The streets are one of the most important assets in the city, but most of them hide in the daylight."
"The cost of science is on the left, with purple or yellow circle in it."
The Red Cross's been talking to anyone because they've taken aはまだ position.
People will ride a long wooden canoe from the main deck and move into a vast area with their homes and shops.
"The increase in grown-ups in grown-ups, especially in areas like Maycoco, suggests things are getting out of hand."
"You know, during the day, you get to go out to a little party, like an engagement party, or something."
"There's something about making something like Coke work that if you understand it, you can apply and use it in society."
The only reason these small businessmen make money selling Coke is because they sell every single bottle that's loaded in a shed or a backpack.
Let's hear this song made by Coke Coke for that campaign by the hit hits of the hits from the hits and the hits by the hits from the hits from the hits from the hits.
"But when you want to move about four blocks across the city, the car is not fun, not efficient, not productive."
Which means you're going to have a 200- Wat of power and a heat of 70 to800.
"In the meantime, as a community, we managed to come to the conclusion that everyone agrees with."
"And if we share this fact, then we come to the conclusion that joining the process and the community will teach us a lot about democracy."
And what we're about to reveal is the idea that the universe is made up of relationship.
"When we realized that none of our past attempts were effective, we thought about the streets in another, bigger approach."
"They're not waiting for years of research and computer modeling to start something, they're just waiting for years of research and painting."
"We've applyed this fast-acting approach to the bicycle program, and in six years, bicycles have become one of New York's Everyday transportation."
"What's great about it is that wherever there's liquid water on Earth, there's life."
"It moves to nearby orbits, and when it comes back to its original orbits, it casts a bright light of a different color."
"A part of that galaxy contains billions of suns, glowing like they're at the center of the galaxy."
"Even if you let me go, someone's gonna come after you with a spoon."
"I'll show you how much, but the Americans are ten to 40 times higher in their body than the Europeans."
"He used the political process as a strategy for the weak, not as a strategy for the strong."
"He sees people gathering together through the process of truth and settlement, solving some very difficult issues, and talks with them through."
"All of our economic activity has been adapted to life on the water, so fishing, boat building is a common profession."
"Three and a half million children a year die of diarrhosis, most of them due to outgoing aircraft."
"It's the same walker who uses it, but it's also capable of living with other walkers."
"And then he came back and said, ""Late you made me what I wanted."
"What I've learned here is that you can either make traffic, or you can make public space, but you don't have to give up on either one."
"So I went to the home center, and I bought hundreds of lone chairs, and I put lone chairs on the street."
"The bicycle tracks we built are about 50 kilometers long, and they can now be seen anywhere in the United States."
"On the good side, at least our little seals won't burn at all for the time."
That's where I'm going to go to run a preliminary study of how the mixture works in the ocean.
"It may not be a brief time, but I'm pretty sure I'm not the one who's been in there."
"From the point of view of toxicology, it's a terrible thing, because the putting together of the collected oil makes a more powerful poison than alone."
"We've discovered that the colony of 9500 contains arsenic, chromes and heavy metal and arsenic is enough to cause cancer."
"It's one of the problems, but it's a lot older than the ones we've been using."
Look at these photos.
This unit is powered by a 12-ton car socket charged with video games and cell phone charge.
"We often refer to them as the community, the religion, the politics, the military, but each of them represents interests."
"When I first visited Afghanistan as foreign minister, I did a interview with the commander of the international security forces."
"But when Egyptians came to our city and sent a applause for the democracy revolution, we realized we didn't know much about it."
"It takes a lot of training to master these things, and it takes a lot of practice to push the problem through communication."
"We've never had this many communications in our history, but there are ways to reach out to them."
"Well, I've given you a lot of reasons, but by all these reasons, now is the time we have to face each other."
"In these large construction sites in China, the worker will create a temporary guest home for the entire construction period."
This building was built in the early '90s until the economy broke down and the engineer died.
"There's only one small entrance in this building, and that's where 3,000 people come in and out through one door."
"A lot of people are serious about their houses and their装s, and they care about the work and the care."
"But as you can see, social services are all over the place, and they're very shocking on the scale as well."
"Coke's profits are very clear and should be made to report to the shareholders, we must increase the profits."
"I've attended such conferences, too, but that data is far too late to be used."
"But in the process, more people have been born, more people have moved to the city."
"I don't want to give up airplanes, helicopters, V.N.P.S. orのか."
What happens if we can give the city walkers the same advantage as moving between cities?
"One is going to be a fun ride, but I'm not going to spend my time on a fun ride."
It's a Starling engine that's confused with our many operations.
"And in the 17th century, Newton revolutionized the idea of space, time and motion, and at the same time,"
"Talking isn't easy between individual, group, government, in any way, but it means talk is absolutely necessary."
"I know that sometimes it's easier to just sit down from my own personal experience, and that sometimes you need to fight."
"These people are working together to create a space for each other, not a building that's unfinished, but a cozy home."
"When we get to the water, we'll see that their lives are completely adapted to this particular way of life."
"We've got all the hospitals in the country, just like Mexico, Tore De Davi, and shit like Zaverine, that's all there is."
"The important thing about Coke's work is that if you learn how to analyze it, you can save people's lives."
"It's like there's a market analysis division, just like any other consumption maker."
"In just five years, a medical worker from one to 30,000 became one to 30,000."
"And if we can, we can stop the食e-rection in every single country in the world."
But the heart of this idea is a new solution to a traffic problem.
"I don't know who's impressed, but I think everyone believes cars have changed the world."
"There's a difference in people, and they're spending 90 to 90 percent of their energy on a walking trip."
The most delightful thing that I felt might be accepted was here in California.
"We can change the use of this planet's energy to what we put our resources, and that could be even more interesting."
( Laughs ) You should be interested to see how they were made.
Because there's no room for embedding someone outside of the universe like Aリスト Teller or Newton.
Darwin's offered me enough self-formation processes to explain everything we're seeing.
"I can't explain the fact that there's no such thing as Aリスト Teller's theory of space, or Newton's."
So I've been trying to change the balance of our new approach to the Times Square.
"350,000 people a day pass Times Square, and the effort has been made to improve it."
"With this little blue key, you'll be able to use the city's latest transportation."
I'd like to talk to you about how irrational that is for 15 minutes.
"The big white sphere on the left, the big one on the left."
It's a beautiful image.
"And even though not a lot of people have been touched, the space mission of Apollo has done a great job with the economy."
"As you all know, until quite recently, there was hardly any response to the actual retrieval of oil."
I'm Boo-hwadeen and Thomas Dolby. Thank you for having me.
"When the tense rises, they're already talking to each other, which will help them cope with a number of problems."
"And then, using what we pick up, we build walls and spaces that are alike."
"The canoe has become a grocery store, and the women are selling everything from home to home, from toothpicks to fruit."
"They picked up generators in the river, moving in big canoes, enjoying the company's people."
We're talking about how to get the community's medical staff to come up with their ideas.
"We're talking about an 18-month-old boy living in Bihoor, North India."
"On August 8th, this year, Shran was accused of paralysis, and his parents took him to a doctor on the 13th."
"One of the assignments on the食o may still be in order, but it may not be what you think it is."
"I mean, we've come all the way here to achieve this goal, but we're running out of money."
"Even in China alone, we're believed to have between 4 billion and 6 billion people moving into the city in the next 15 years."
"In China over the last year, there were 4 million people who were using bikes and thirty-seven thousand who were using cars."
I can really talk to you about this technology as much as you like.
"If it's only three times faster than it is, three times faster, 30 minutes will be ten minutes."
What's more interesting is that the laws of heating can't get an effect of more than 20 %.
"So, the theories of biology based on natural choices, are that biological systems need to have a relationship."
"And it's moving on in the area of情報 science, human science, economics."
"The streets are quick, cheap, they can be rebuilt, they'll be profitable, and they could be a popular spot."
"In this project, it was important to be temporary because I can show you what it's like to be able to do it."
"Actually, these are just like the green water balls we put on the road in Los Angeles."
"There are many forms, young men, old men, black men, white men, women, children, all of them."
What's the cost of science? It's the cost of the British government.
There are stars that circle around. Big gas stars.
The sound of you knowing the universe will continue to be heard.
"But I thought if there was a fire, maybe I wouldn't burn to the last."
"I put my hand in my pocket, and I say, ""Let's go get something."
"I was looking for a reference to that figure, but I couldn't find it."
It's a price between $8 an hour and $10 a day.
"75 percent of the vehicle is a single passenger, but 12 percent of the vehicle is a single passenger when it comes to boarding."
"Like this, the price affects decision making, and the result prevents you from driving."
The traffic wonders are the technology that supports the road wonders and the minds of people in it.
"The information, the access to the information should be free, and it should be charged for the excrement of carbon  stupidity."
"But as the situation has changed, a new group of people came to life."
"The decades before that have been a lot of fruit, including one."
I think you need to understand that technology and globalization are changing society from people.
It's just that I haven't used these methods in ten years.
It's a 45- flight building designed in a very unique manner by the people who don't have any knowledge of building or design.
"In this tradition, the bride-to-be- bride-to-be- bride-to-be- bride-to-be-be-needs will show them all their belongings to the bride-to-be."
"All the houses in this area have been meticulously designed,ドア afforded."
So what's the secret to having a coke?
Let's talk about what's gonna happen if all of this goes together.
"When I looked back in '90s, there were about 350,000 polyo patients all over the world."
"When I apply this technology to the wheelchairs for the disability, the technology was central."
"We've solved all the problems with traffic, changed the world, and now we're here."
"150 years ago, steam trains became more efficient enough to become a nation."
"But the fact remains that the last one mile of the city is now the problem, because half the population is living in a dense city."
It's not rational to clean water with this kind of energy in this country.
And don't let a woman wait four hours to find water or watch a child die.
"Besides, Einstein taught me that gravity exists because everything in the world has a connection."
"They shut off Broadway from 42nd to 47th and created a歩いて-walking heaven of about 10,000 feet."
"I mean, it could be the home of life in the solar system."
This is a real photograph of the ice coming out of it.
"In the show that we created, we kept pushing the law of physics."
The only way to teach you how to be proud of yourself is to take a picture of this little world far away.
"Well, the doctor said to a patient, ""There are bad news and bad news."
How many cops are in this cab?
"She's our first patient, and she just came out of the care room."
"The price, the size, and使いncy are nothing different from what's on the market."
"This was taken at this man's house, Mr.気に."
"The human brain is certainly a surprise, but as for theってる numbers, it's not special."
"When certain atoms are cold enough, very strange things happen."
"Imagine why politicians should use dancing as an excuse to invade a foreign country, or save investment banks with taxes."
"If we don't cut our CO2 levels in 10 to 15 years, we can avoid a destructive effect."
"The temperature rises by three degrees, which means that half the life on Earth is extinct."
"If you look up in the night sky, you can see many stars with your bare eyes."
"I was quick to look over the generalまあまあ grounding theory that Einstein had released, and when he was so excited about it,"
My challenge is to define what peace actually means.
"They need a revolutionary process by people who can handle their own problems, people who are the center of a very complex society."
"You'd have thought about it, but you know he didn't."
"We're also going to have to work on theるかis of what's left of our present foreign policy, theるかis of what's left of what's left of ours."
"What is it that makes people trust each other, not just within the state?"
"But if you look closely, you'll find a hole in the building where the elevator and its functions should have been."
"This night, I happened to run into a band of guys in T-shirt."
The walls have been painted marble-like.
"Now, most people are going to look at a large-scale house development project that will provide a lot of people."
It's calculated that every grown man and child on the planet drinks Coke every week.
"When you learn something, you let it reflect on the product or the product."
And I've decided to raise a small loan to these field writers.
( Laughs ) But what kind of chemicals do you need to actually deal with a health problem and get rid of diarrhea?
"Look at this. The room is full of young men and my husband, Bill."
"By August 30th, the genetics test was complete, and we were able to determine the nature of the Sirian plague."
"On September 4th, there's been a major cleanup effort."
"So, in less than a month, the discovery of one paralysis evolved into a cure program that narrows the number of targets."
"For instance, the U.S. population at the time was living in farms and small towns."
And all of the industry that we're in now is a billion-dollar business for just a golf cart.
"And this one's really interesting, so I'd like you to try it."
I'm not going to explain everything to you today.
This theory suggests that matter is moving in the space-time coordinates.
These ideas were the foundation of classicズm and Newton's physics.
It's made up of information through a network that knows all-seeing observes and creates all the intelligence of heaven.
"This is also the new foundation of the law, and they were thinking the same thing."
Its evolution is heading toward the convergence of darkness andチャンスy.
"And I believe that science will never disappear, and I'm going to end it with these words."
"I've been trying to come up with an idea, but I don't think there's anything else that would be that quick."
One more.
"In fact, there have been a lot of trials into the economic effect that Apollo brought on."
It turns out that $14 was returned to the U.S. economy for every dollar spent on Apollo.
"Since they're making transistors, the silicon behaves completely according to quantum theory."
"There are billions of stars in the galaxy's core, and they're so bright."
I also want people to be more interested in science and technology by creating new technology for the art.
This is the first live feed I've made to an audience.
( Laughs) He's from England as an anesthesia expert.
"She had a heart operation, but this should have been done when she was a child."
"I think this thought is so humble and calm, it reminds me of a human position in the natural world."
He was trying very hard to explain a brilliant experiment in how to lower the temperature of matter by laser light.
"It's made of thin cells, it climbs the walls of the containers, it climbs over the walls, and it goes out."
"A lot of people turn to drugs and prostitution, which will result in the city's price falling."
"There are now 100,000 members who use 3,000 cars deployed to 3,000 locations."
"The traffic payments system is being considered in every major city in the world, but it requires無線 technology to make it happen."
Let's say you're the fine young man and I'm the good businessman.
And the funny thing about it is that the eyes of the stars will always see the Earth.
"If it's a scene in the starship Galactica fighting the Cylons, then don't hide in the black hole!"
( Laughs) And no one can tell you what the light feels like coming through this tunnel.
Imagine a physically possible situation where two black holes have been together for a long time.
"In the end, we can circle around each other at almost the speed of light."
"It's very quiet, but it starts to sway in space, like a drum."
"We need a minimum of police and an army, but we need to defend ourselves."
The first Muslim woman to win the Ambassador's Ambassador.
"It's called The Girl In The tree, but it's more than that."
"A record companyman approached me, said he wanted to make a record in Nashville,誇e."
I'm so worried about the power of security in this world with this concept of today.
"And why are we, especially the Americans, so desperate for security?"
"It protects itself from suspicion and change, freezing and feelless."
"A place I can't go, a place I can't look at, a world I can't live in anymore."
One of the great things I've found on my journey is that there's a new type of man.
"I'm proud to tell you this, six months ago, she was chosen as Deputy Mayor of Naラク."
We'll find some pieces of complex puzzles in the process.
"My father fought in three wars, but he couldn't save his sister from her suffering."
We are Indian women.
She came to my office when no one in America knew where Afghanistan was.
"We need peace, and I want our leaders to know that we will not rest until we have it."
"They sat on the floor, lined up their arms, just like they're now famous in the video."
"Lafa explains later: ""In West Africa, it's a taboo."
"And now, even when we broke up, she was terribly angry."
I wondered what it would be like to have a mop and a man's health united and to do something about it.
And I'm very happy to say that in手を deal with the spread of the Moブer seriously in the world.
"But as a whole, I'm sorry, but when I look at this shelf, the word that I see is not ""saving."
"I've been going over this data for three years, but it's not about the child."
"And that's what it means to raise a child in an age where it's, like, where it's not, but where it's emotionally and emotionally, where it's worth nothing."
Our diplomatists are trained to deal with conflicts and problems among the nations.
And the people you're about to talk to are people who are completely different from you.
I think this is a mistake.
"If we talk the right way, we can clear the difference between talk and agreement."
The past ten years here have probably been the lost ten years of diplomatic policy.
"When the sun sets, it's almost dark, except for the little lights and the torchlight."
Each apartment represents a unique environment where each home is placed and a value that we value.
That's why we can make sure there's a problem when the sales drop.
Tens of thousands of children are still alive in Equestria thanks to this medical contractor program.
"The one important fact that finally affects the success of Coke, is that people are going to need Coke."
"The other is to move the road, run in front of a Greyhound bus or a car."
"In my opinion, the only reason this is possible is because there's an ethics that unites the scientists' community."
"In early spaceism, what we could call science was the idea of Aリスト Teller, which is a階tical thought."
"J'onn Locke and his associates revolutionized society, which is closely linked."
Space is just one of the things that make a certain position.
"In the last six years, all I've learned from New York is that this property can be replaced."
"As you can see from these photos, sitting in a fire extinguisher, it doesn't seem like a city that represents the world."
"I tried to change the signal, change the road, make a better Times Square."
This is what caused the choreography issue because the furniture they were planning to put on the streets weren't ready yet.
"In the three years that I've been working on this project, the売ture has risen by 2 percent."
"By the way, the rate of the Americans, the Germans and the French is almost the same."
Its development and development research covers an area of public cost of about 7 percent.
Three days' moon is the size of the English Islands.
The world's greatest breakthroughs andないかs often occur in two fields.
And I can use each and every one of you as a coach for the future of robots.
"There's a rather interesting army in Switzerland, anyway."
"In fact, when someone turns on a TV, I go to the other room to read."
"And more importantly, there are hundreds of oil presidents."
Nalco is doing this behind the scenes.
"The bed wasn't running, so I put a chair down and put it high."
It's just about the use of the brain to make the brain work.
The important conclusion to be drawn from here is that we're not teeth.
There's no energy to maintain both the large bodies and a lot ofってるs.
The C.I.A. of our country is going to have to deal with them.
"Plus, it's the best choice in terms of having a car."
It's like the car you thought was impossible.
I'd rather go shopping with the neighbors.
It's a lot of people are interested in a pair of cars because the cost of the ride is high right now.
"We're setting up tollbooths around London, not opening and closing gates."
Have you ever heard of this scene in the movie graduate?
What is it?
"You're a fine young man, and I'm a sexy woman."
The amount of data you send or receive is small.
"If I had a choice, I'd choose an open source network along with an open standard."
"The older I get, the less interested I get in a divorce."
It's a thought experiment about objects that should be half the size of Manhattan.
"What we're looking at is a black hole that moves us around each other, and what we're looking at here is a distortion of space."
"If you could have gotten closer, your ears would have resonated with the swelling of space."
It's the sound of a light black hole moving closer to the heavy one.
These little vibrations are the signaling sound of the black holes.
"When you could really see a big bang, that sound would be like this."
She said she had something in common with the language of Dary言えば.
"Myred in the center, and Betty on the right, are bringing peace to Northern Ireland."
"Coke campaign promise is called Open Happiness, but we're trying to fit into the community."
But a lot of people won't even think about what kind of situation this technology was exposed to.
Or skiing. It's just fun. People like to move around asジャーs.
This is technically a vehicle with motor and wheels.
I brought this to Grand Zero and moved it among the walkers for about an hour.
I'm not driving any more cars.
This should be done in a democracy.
"We've created a square for walkers in the five major districts of New York, over 50 in total."
"It was transformed this way in '然, after they built a bicycle lane over a thousand miles."
"In fact, with such a high rate of support, politicians will be happy."
"New York's bicycle count is an average of 35,000 a day."
And the bikes I see on the streets are changing.
"Actually, it's a drawing I borrowed from the Guardian."
"My company, Marilyn Monroe, is trying to make technology out of art."
There's a database of jokes in this kid's head.
"What should I do?"" said the operator."
"The man who came back to the phone saying, ""So what do we do now?"
"What I've seen so deep in the ocean, it's like a net of death."
"It says ""conductor,"" it's a series of compounds, and so is Solビtan."
I've been on this team three tours so far.
"People still believe in voodoo. They suffered heart attacks, diarrhoid damage, four forms of disease."
"A grown man needs the same surgery. He's been successful, and he still does."
We need your help. We need everyone to cooperate.
"It seems that not only can you move your body, but it can be more interesting."
There's a great deal of trouble with the idea that all brains are made the same way.
"If the brain is the same size, the number ofってるs may actually be different."
It might save us money by decommissioning the art fund.
"It's not about explaining in a dance, it's about explaining in a paper."
"But by then, financial difficulties will be considered past."
"That's why I could be 12,000 miles to 500 miles a year."
We're going to need a lot of無線 technology to make this happen.
"If the traffic system is set to the right price, it can be improved."
"Wherever you send the information, if the cost is almost zero, then what happens?"
"If one of them goes into the heavenly river, it'll look like this."
"And in the end, I hear the sound of being swallowed up by a smaller one."
A friend of ours made this combo to suggest that he saw the Big bang from the outside.
"On that planet, we're so obsessed with this, we're doing this, calculating, writing computer codes."
"Do you think there's life somewhere in many universes, thinking of us, thinking of their own origin?"
"When I see rainbows and birds, it reminds me of my soul."
"As you all know, she's a hero to Burma's democracy."
"They've already started a campaign to rebuild the country, along with their followers."
There are people who are busy with the campaign.
"The fact that we're all alive, we could change it."
"One night, I was sitting in the hallway, and a couple of girls approached me and said,"
The first song was in English and the second song was in Chinese.
I wish I could stay in the light of her eyes.
"Every man is加ught, sick, dying, time does not stop."
I loved the story of another world next to reality.
"They're the base of my new ideal, the freedom and the aggressivity that I think is."
"But because it's hot, they're taking a break and they're putting it in their mouth."
"A調e from theてる said to me, ""Do you know how a cube works?"
"According to Marcs, women make change, but they don't."
They must overcome the tradition of oppression and find new hope.
"Even in a home that only speaks one language, there's a guide to growing a bistron."
"You may think it's an overstatement, but according to the data, it's not an overstatement."
But here's the point.
"About three years ago, a woman in Texas said something terrible hurt my chest."
"Don't get me wrong, but I think happiness is an excellent goal for a child."
"You teach children how to be happy and confident, but it's not like you teach them how to grow Hatake."
"They're just using the body's weight, its physical functions as a振り."
It's just one example of how interesting it can be.
There's a lot of commercial and very good robotics hand.
That's why it's not very practical to use it in the form of a pro bat.
It's easy to change the force by changing the air pressure.
"There's actually a fan club here, the driven intelligent robot."
We were the first people from the United States to attend this tournament.
"Our lab, Booth, is having an amazing brain-styming session at King's Landing."
"We're all gathered here, discussing the task, the social issues, and we're talking."
I had a wonderful talk at the TED. Ken Robinson.
I always tell the students to work smart and work hard.
The most powerful thing that happened to me was when that passwalker was actually my student.
"The second one is charming, but humble, so the right type to give birth to the main male."
The only thing that should be banned is what society does to a woman.
"And when you talk to a child about sex, don't insist on talking about sex."
"By the way, a study has shown that solving riddles is as rooted for humans as food and sleep."
"Pick up the next block, take off the cap, it's gonna be fun, right?"
"If our work had succeeded, they'd never know we were here."
"Mom and Teddy said they'd live a few years, but..."
David wanted to go deep into Brad's face to express his years.
We had to let Benjamin do everything human can.
But this technology hasn't been made yet.
Here's the data we're going to get from the model.
We made a digital doll to manipulate Brad's face.
You can't decide if that smile means ironic or happy or disappointing.
"The shipyard is full of noise, dangerous, dangerous toxins, where health and safety are threatened."
And the Americans realized that they had very little to figure out what was going on.
We're still arguing about whether we should speak to the Muslim Brotherhood?
We can tell the difference between a diplomatic level and a political level.
"There are, in fact, a lot of tools in the toolbox that can be used to reinforce communication."
I just need you to improve your skills and have the courage to use them.
"I mean, what I'm surprised at is how they don't have anything."
Why can't the government or the S.H.I.E.L.D. do the same thing when Coke does it?
"It's like bowling in the dark, if you ask someone."
throwing a ball makes a few pins fall.
And it's hard to find a paved road in the countryside of Africa.
And the government of Et済an launched this new system in its own country in the yearsqueal.
"Then I'll show you the bathroom, and I'll put it in the most modern, state-of-the- art equipment."
ポリo will be the second-worst disease to be eradicated from the earth.
"500 years ago, when the ships became operational enough, we discovered a new continent."
"They're important, they're not living room hangouts."
It's a wide range of numbers. Sixty to eighty thousand a day.
"We're going with cutting-edge research, and we're going in a different way."
"And in the 20th century, we've seen two big, independent theme in the field of science."
"For most of the city, the streets were like hibernation for a long time."
The first tape cutting is going to take place this December.
"We've made use of about 100,000 square meters of roads and a new walker's heaven."
"The casualties of walkers, bicycles, and car drivers have skyrocketed to 50 percent."
"You used to be a man on the left, a motorcycle messenger like a ni落ち."
"As you all know, if you're moving into town, you're walking faster than taking a bus."
We've slowly passed hundreds of miles above the enemy's head.
It's a photograph of the atoms in the atmosphere around the sun being absorbed.
"If there was a star with that much power,"
There were no carbon and oxygen in the first generation.
"This looks like a satellite, but it's a photograph of the Earth."
"These robots, the future stars, have a dr account."
"If you don't like the story or the music, please put the red one out."
All of which will blend into the surface water and finally reach the end of the ocean.
"As you know, Mr. Ree is home to about a quarter of all threatening beasts."
We have every right to know the losses we've suffered in the Bay of Mexico.
"My parents were, too, but when I got out of the country, I left."
It's one of the problems that we've seen all over Africa and Africa.
The company's only purpose is to provide what no one else has.
"We have a solar panel, and we can power it from here."
I can charge the main battery.
"This isn't state of the art, but we're using this."
Maybe the big brain doesn't always have a lot ofってるs.
I was suddenly confused. The light raises the temperature of matter.
"Here's the fun of science, the fun of experimentation that betrays your instincts."
"But if we cut public funds for art, we have a problem."
And I'm not paying for time that I don't use.
"If you're surfing, you can ride the biggest elements."
"The world accepts us, they love us."
"Plus, the technology was necessary to make up for the whole of街car."
"Without the wire technology, this concept won't be possible."
"Great. You don't want to drive alone, do you?"
"It'll cut the demand for parking spots, cut the traffic, cut off the CO2 emissions."
"Lastly, it was introduced in London. It's a remarkable traffic payments system."
"But there is a sound in the universe, and it's not a sound."
"The space is spreading from the black hole, congealed at the same time, knocking the universe hard."
"Every time it's sucked in, it'll be faster and louder."
The two black holes are colliding and converging at a time scale of billions of years.
There's a big bang everywhere.
"50,000 years later, we painted in caves."
She's traveling because she was out of the country during the election.
"In the name of planting for the environment, it would have been fine."
We can't leave other people to it.
We're calling them the warriors who met at V-day.
"Eight years ago, when I began my journey of the V's, something happened, and I was lost."
No new syringe was opened in over half an hour.
I've done a great deal of intelligence charity in India.
I know what it means to be different from someone.
"By showing me the third way, you saved me from my selfish anger."
"Let's talk about fundraising, research, and the shape of our research."
"I know I'm being disrespectful to the Japanese, but it didn't."
I'd like to tell you something that might lead to a very strange thought.
The contents of the Se atmospheric treat weren't appropriate to the child at first.
And then the radius changes and it turns one direction at a time.
"Five years ago, I worked as a researcher at NASA for a summer."
We can get this across the board better by使cing it to adjust to the environment.
"At the time, it was a very original kind of thing."
"This is the next generation of robots, smarter, faster, stronger."
We also built the world's first car that can be driven by blind people.
"But sometimes there's a great idea in there, the moment you find it."
"( Laughs) It takes a lot of time, not enough to take the risk."
"From what I can tell, the V'出てs' effect will be contained in certain ways-- racial, rational."
"Some women say they want to have sex while they're pregnant, but that's possible."
I left some under a few seats in front of me.
That's why I was going to run Benjamin's screen tests back in 'pos.
I'll show you a few. Here's the first video of Benjamin's test.
"This was the moment the glory grew, because this was the breakthrough."
"We've put these three models in the computers at a high-res frequency, a large number of polygons."
"We choose the shape of the face, and we draw the data."
"I'd say that if I wanted to be strong, my dreams would come true, but in the end, that's what I meant."
And the one that plays the central role in these conflicts is a group that represents all the interests of these nations.
"The commanders at the time said, ""Mr. outsider, if we're going through this with such patience,"
"But if we try to face each other, we'll notice the smallness of our knowledge."
"When you're on the same table as me, you don't have to agree."
"Now, American society is becoming more complicated than it was before."
And this arithmetic is literally buried in the ground.
But there's still a lot to learn about a group of people like us.
The product is a reminder of what people want to live.
"Coke, despite being a global corporation, has a very local approach."
But Coke didn't stop here. I made versions in 18 different languages.
"Doesn't sound like ""Weevin ableg"" at all."
"In some states in upstate India, they're even connecting the toilets to a courtesy."
"Thanks to this, there's only one気に infection in the area."
It's expected to run out of polyo funds next summer.
"We don't need anything to use the car, just think about it."
"About a hundred years ago, Henry Ford started making a T- recall."
What's the world playing at now that complicates the problem?
This machine is powering hundreds of Watts of electricity right now.
"It's just that this is the idea of Aリスト Teller's universe, which was, in a way, a middle-amendment."
"There's no such thing as "" zero."
"Moreover, they often bring home relatives to relatives, relatives to quantum mechanics."
"According to the relevant universe theory, the substance is made of itself, but it cannot be explained."
"Because it's embedded in the relationship's network, the individual's existence is not complete."
A democracy like this should be coordinated and experimentous. ( Laughs) It's over.
The city manager's job isn't just traffic signs and traffic lights.
"When you look at the designs on the streets, you see what they're all about."
"As soon as we cut off the cars, suddenly people showed up on the street."
"If there's a project that's going to cause a lot of discussion, you should consider it."
And we're going to run this project in different areas of the city.
It's going very well.
The yellow line is almost certain with the number of casualties.
One of those little yellow balls is the cost of science.
"And underneath the ice, there's a sea of liquid that covers the entire satellite."
I've seen the beauty of the solar system through my own search.
It was taken when Apollo 8 went the other side of the moon.
"It's one of the nearest galaxy, about 50 million light years away."
It's amazing what's out there.
"When the Big bang happened, there was no carbon and oxygen in the universe."
But it's got pe好lin and transistors.
They wouldn't have been born without research.
The others will cooperate.
"You know, every year, we decommission a huge amount of computers and televisions."
"But I was, for some reason, poisoned by a lot of flammable agents."
And we weren't able to analyze any fallout.
They thought there'd be rats at the top of this energy disaster.
"What really happened was more complicated, more specific."
They were replaced by a weak-force invasion with a weak force on the rocks.
Most of them won't. I don't want to go back because it's not my dream.
I called him. He always calls me.
And there's a small-ass head charger in case you need it.
"But the bad news is, human brains aren't the biggest."
"I mean, brain sizes usually depend on the size of your body."
His brain is the same as ours.
Nine hours a day is not the best time for a goddamn monstrosity.
"I came up with this when I was talking to my friend, a physicist at M.I.T."
"I thought-- maybe I should have explained it in a dance, huh?"
"Of course, there's not always dancers around."
"In the competition, scientists present their work in dances, not words."
"He took advantage of a tiny car, the U.S.A., one day."
The company's size doubled back when it was founded.
How did you get here with all the others?
"Three times the time of year, double the time of year, two times the time of year."
I just want to say one thing.
"I mean, the advantage of the mesh network is that it can use a low- cost device."
Let's use what's best for you. When do we get it done?
You shouldn't have waited ten or 15 years.
I can only imagine that every bus that runs around Laos is connected to the mesh network.
I took the idea to the Proisen Science Academy.
"Sometimes when you swallow the Earth, you fall in love with the Hudson River."
You'll be able to use your medical equipment to detect cancer.
It was like a prank.
"And more importantly, the power of the music has unified our minds."
Wha-Whoa-Whoa-Whoa-Whoa.
The reason I'm starting a vaギnaモノよgs is 'cause I was worried about vaギna.
We don't have ourselves. We insist on knowing what we're dealing with.
They're not like us. There are them.
"If we don't understand what they're doing, we'll have to attack them."
"In Pakistan, I met a woman whose face was melted by acid."
"Ever since she got the jeep, she's saved 4500 women."
"Apparently, you can understand the problem of infecting people from one place to another with a virus."
"If you look only to India, the whole injection is not safe."
"In every school in振りx, they sell toys in playgrounds."
Most of my life has been a long road to answer these questions.
"In their own way, Afghanistan is heading in a different direction."
"Their listeners have come from countries in参 torture, love songs in これは, and there's a sold-out duet in これは."
"But for this protest, everyone was dressed in white, came out face-to-face."
"And in most of the world, the above is controlled by men."
They say they can make a change without being like the Westerners.
"We can make society unarmed, and instead secure real security."
"Meanwhile, there's a campaign for the health of men."
And then I called in a call to tell the head of the wind-up cancer fund that I wanted to sell it.
"I'm Robbie, 14 years old, and I'm a midget midget."
"Today, the best case of the bothers between work and living is the mother, not the father."
There are countries where mothers and fathers admit to fear and change of role.
One of them was a scene where a cookies monster swallowed it after sucking the pipe.
It moves a softer core than the information from the touch sensors.
"When you do something, it moves like magic, like a strange creature."
"The best part is, it only cost $200 to build the first prototype."
It was a study into the possibility of using what kind of motor?
I wrote it at 4:00 a.m.
It's just a simple rule that will allow students to come up with surprisingly free ideas.
This is the best secret of our success. We're all really having fun.
"If a pregnant woman doesn't know, it would be rude to ask if I could touch her belly."
"From a point of view of equalness between men and women, these two needs are not in order."
Every single one of us has a chance to break the unjust pattern every single day.
Everyone should think it's worth the trouble.
"Gwen, you need to see this."
I'd like to start by telling you a little bit about the history of this project.
It's about a man who's born and grows and becomes younger.
"And since it wasn't a S.T.A.R. Labs movie, it had to be a real person."
And they had to make an hour of the first movie.
It's clear that our security is relying on the military alliance.
"But still, we have a great flaw in the treatment and understanding of today's conflict."
"We need to have an army stationed in a country, but the army alone won't solve the problem."
"But if we don't do the communication itself, we won't be able to contact the other side."
And the international community believes they have the right to fight.
"The next name you're going to want to introduce to us is Zaverine, who lives in Chiro."
"In fact, when I go to a more advanced country, I see Coke everywhere."
I think there are basically three things that we can learn from Coke.
"Now, in Africa, there are about 3 thousand centers where about 15,000 people work."
"As a wonderful example, I think there's a new medical training program in the Eighth."
"These two songs have one thing in common, the same message of joy and unity."
There are signs that change is beginning to take place around the world.
You're right. They always learn something here.
"What if it's fun, charming, clean, gentle with the environment?"
And I don't think a cop would give himself a ticket.
The ancient Greeks traveled by ships from Duologios劇場 to the temple of Partenon.
The most common cause of death in the world is dirty water.
I'm willing to give you $120 million to make it.
I thought it was a great idea. I gave it 25 seconds.
"Right now, Times Square is the world's largest shopping spot."
From nowhere. People have come.
I think it's a Jupiter satellite.
But the bright stars in there belong to the galaxy.
The radiation level is about six and a half times that of the sun.
But we got Earth from the farthest point.
"In the last ten or 20 years, attempts have been made to create art by technology."
"Now, let's look at our first robot, data man."
You'll be able to learn something from this robot about the community you belong to.
I've handed out a red and green panel for everyone inside.
"Once the oil's in the swamp, it's impossible to remove it."
This is Exxon's slide on scenarios and their disregard.
We know that Mr. Reacher has a great impact on you.
Another study has confirmed that this is a highly toxic mass.
"In England, it's been decommissioned."
"Because it doesn't change anything if it's a problem, does it?"
What's left of him when there's no nitrate?
I hope the Africans have a passion for it.
"One for the chimps, one for the cow."
It's the amount of energy the human brain uses.
The containers use electromagnetic fields to isolate the atoms from the環境 noise.
The useless exposes of the world economy are a serious threat to the world economy.
"Of course, it's just a matter of time before the audience loses."
It's a system for cars that run in traffic.
"It'll try with traffic taxes, and then it'll use the same technology on the road taxes."
"When the hurricane hits, the only working communication system was the mesh network."
Where did you do it?
It's a tool that creates the power of economic growth.
"In this case, a man had a special love for the broom."
"She's 23 years old, and she's been on drugs since she was 13 years old."
"And ""The world without love is a world of death."
The black hole destroys the stars.
A group of people who spent the last 30 years solved this problem.
I've never heard this loud before. I'm touched.
This is far beyond the sense of time when a man hears a sound.
"The whole world is staring at you, so make a journey, my little girl."
It's been eight years since our fateful night in could sake.
You're working with a lot of great musicians in the world.
I've seen the power of the music.
Why is this goofy security making me more worried than I was before?
"Unless, of course, the goal of life is to be safe."
We can avoid long trips and dangerous investments.
I'll just talk to you about some people I know.
"When she was a child, she had an unwanted Chris-section."
"This time of year, she gave her parents a sexual education."
Are you all right?
Imagine being raised by a rape victim.
I decided to do something about it.
Now that the re-use of the syringe has brought more deaths than 4 million people a year.
That's why I've traveled around the world to meet wonderful people.
"In time, Rivera's rebel forces entered into a peace treaty at Garna."
I'm going to introduce the band here.
"What I'm saying is, nobody knows what a child is."
"In the past, even if it wasn't moral, there was a connection between us."
"She said, ""Our homework today will take as long as dinner."
It's just hard to take credit for being a modern mother and father.
I think it's also why a child feels threatened.
A modern man spends more time with his child than he did with his last generation.
It's too unfair to hold a parent's responsibility for the happiness of a child.
"In fact, it's a hell of a lot harder than your parents would say."
It's a three-foot robot. I've got a hint from nature.
But what about three legs in nature?
This is what we want to do next.
I'm going to put my legs out far away.
"In this video, we're using a reactive approach."
Those problems are that the price is too high. It's worth thousands of dollars.
"They don't use electric motors or electrical contractors, they use pressurized air."
"It's a three-to-one game, and it's going to be a very lively one."
This is the trophy of a beautiful Louis Viton cup.
I'd like to see our exciting robot work.
"For instance, it's seen by the government in a country where a man would rape a woman, even if he tried to punish her."
"In fact, I haven't issued official comment on the safety of sex in pregnant women."
A woman who claims to be treated equally by everyone around her.
"All right, put the cap on the table."
I'll take a look at you.
Benjamin Baton:
It's not bad to get old.
It's hard to paint a man as he gets older.
"It turns out that makeup isn't enough, especially close-up."
And the make-up is not an additional process that creates a face.
"The process is, in a way, a program for overcoming alcoholism."
"Back then, it was called a Marker-based motion capture."
I'm guessing the subject was exposed to a face.
It's an effective 3D data recorder of the subject in real time.
The actor who plays Benjamin will go into the camera wearing a blue hood.
Benjamin's models move in reverse after Brad.
And now it's re-enacting from the timing of the actual act.
"That's why we're here, man, in a sense, needed to be a machine."
This was my dream anyway.
"Every day, every day, my head is white, and I can't think of anything."
How could the gods have done such a terrible blasphemy?
"Or, somehow, when a father found a job for his 10-year-old son."
"In the center, there's a big black rolls Roys."
It's the first time a woman has ever been a Olympic flagman.
She was sold to a brothel by her grandfather when she was 14 years old.
Isn't that where most men would be happy?
Another love story is a sad story.
It's time to make a basic change in our civilization.
"If a man has no hope, we must wait for him to breathe."
I've been trying to help Sango become a parent for ten years.
But I've seen how hard it is to be a parent.
Then let's talk about why we started this job.
"Because of their actions, the conflict spreads rapidly across other countries."
"After 9/11, the world was split into enemies and allies."
"It's been ten years since the military interference, but the country is far from stable."
"Three or five years ago, we had a difference of opinion."
But we don't need to be neutral in face-to-face.
Make it harder to lead violent activity into politics.
"All things considered, this is not a bad thing."
"The power's on time, and the fresh water can only be sourced from self made wells anywhere."
Except there's only one thing that surprises them: Coke.
"I spent a little time there, looking into Coke."
That's why I collect data and use it to determine progress.
The development report will be sent at the end of the project.
This accounts for 90 percent of the coke sales inologies and検a.
"We've trained 35,000 members of the medical staff to provide direct medical care to people."
"In South Africa, happiness is related to respect in the community."
I think one of the most convincing cases isポリo.
But I'm going to be a little more specific about this.
Two million people have been vaccinated in the area where Shran lives.
"It's a wonderful story, but you want it to be without a wire, right?"
Cars were a gentle alternative to horses and chariots.
"Back in the day when people lived on farms, everything was normal."
Someday history would want to prove that we were right.
There's no center of Newton's universe.
A position is only a relative concept.
"Not to the elderly, not to the small arms."
I've been using this program three million times since I started it.
The most likely possible life form in the solar system
The name came from the sun god Herios.
There's one more development in this story.
The most famous photo was taken by the Boyger.
"I'm standing in the front, so I can see the size of it."
"How many jokes are there, how many stories are there, how many moves?"
I have no idea what she really is doing today.
"Come on, come on, come on, come on."
When two hunters from New Jersey went into the woods.
What makes TV so much of aム?
"But to be honest, I like TV."
And I'll explain the little thing that happens here.
I'm grateful that I can share a part of my suffering with you this time.
Where do I go when I need help?
"I mean, where do I go to get these treatments?"
What would happen if a member of the family died or suffered a liability?
It's been a year since we founded it. Look at this operating room.
"I mean, this is an example. And what did I do?"
"You don't all get a profit from your campaign, do you?"
"We're studying animals, but it's not the other way around."
What's in the brain of a man and what's not in the brain of an animal?
"It's simple, it's easy. It won't take long."
"If the teeth have 860 billionってるs, then the brain would be 36 kilometers."
"If you weigh more, you'll have to sacrifice your nervous system."
Which means there's either a large body or a large number ofってるs.
Using fire to cook and making food easy to digest.
And I would like to offer you a diversion of the financial burden.
"No, it might be a good idea not to use words."
Our leaders are desperate to find a way to save them.
That's what I have to say.
"Plus, you can choose a car that fits your needs."
That's what it feels like.
The dispersal system is extremely long-term and extremely resistant.
At least there's no direct sighting using light.
This busted black hole is as big as Manhattan.
"I mean, this time, it's been crushed to a hundred-mile radius."
So this is what our predictions are.
"But that sound is really soft, and no one's heard it yet."
"It's been 10 billion years since then, but the sound of the Big bang still remains around us."
The president is using $40 billion to put the nuke out of its misery.
I asked him how he lived.
"Everywhere I look, I hear, and I feel this."
"In fact, I think security is an inconceivable and inconceivable thing."
I'm not gonna have sex with you. I'm not gonna be gay or gay.
At least this kind of identification is.
Some people aren't like you. They're called enemies.
Real security isn't about knowing what you don't know.
"When you wake up in the morning, do you always feel either hope or despair?"
"Even if we try to use it again, it's locked and broken."
"And if it's relevant, what position does a man have?"
"My aunt, a smart, talkful woman, young, and a widow."
"This is about India, too."
"After that day, my life became a bit of a mockery."
I was drinking with my team.
"When it was called the歩cal age, this procedure was decommissioned."
But this change has made my role as a parent a lot clearer than I thought.
We teach kids how to play chess in case they need it.
It's more unfair to leave happiness in the hands of a child.
I solved a problem without using the mechanics.
"In a case like this, you can make a lot of different kinds of movement."
It became something really interesting back in '95.
"Last year, I led a roastnoke symphony at a holiday concert."
You'll see it in the lobby.
"This brings me to the last point, remember the fun."
"When you're having sex with a woman, you need to focus on the feelings of the other woman."
Humans try to solve the mystery and find order in chaos.
"Anyway, Don Ki鎖 is an important piece."
"Have you ever read ""Don Kihote""?"
I don't understand.
"There were many places where the hair started to grow, and there were other changes."
We believed that our methods would be very solid and workable.
An hour of the entire movie will be starring Benjamin.
He had enough passion to carry out the project.
"As you can see, it's a very messed up phenomenon."
He thought he could actually classify human expressions.
"It was a system that didn't care about race, race, culture, Jenner."
"As you can see, it's gotten a lot clearer."
The only thing that was perfect was the fact that he'd be as young and as old as he could be.
"That's how Benjamin was born, three-year-old on a computer."
This time to move him onto that data.
Our goal here is to get a lot of people to see Benjamin's eyes.
"Now, what I'm showing you is the early stages of this process."
Eighteen minutes. How to make a digital person.
Let me introduce you to the moment.
Five women representing five continents and three Olympic gold medal入りes.
"Of course, my question was what I was wearing."
He asked me if I was wearing a uniform.
"Everybody deserves a medal, but luck is a factor."
"And it's so far as I can tell you, that I'm so far from home, that I'm so far from home."
But there's no scarring with a gray skin.
"I didn't say that strictly, but..."
The soldiers forced her to torture and kill her husband.
The author of my book is a woman with a strong heart and passion like Rose fed.
I won't create a leading man.
It was a small village with a bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy.
The first patient suffers from a few rotten teeth.
Even if you knew the only solution was to remove the teeth.
"The poorest, and many of the left, always hold on to the ladies."
"Everything should change when you give a woman power over technology, design, and amusement."
"But when I tell you what I'm telling you, these words are gonna freak me out."
"When this mass reaches the oceanic surface, it will fall apart."
My parents didn't want me to think critically.
"It's a wonderful thing, but it only covers 20 % of Ty."
There's no difference between the people that Coke chose and the people that we chose.
"It's a condom relay, a condom sweeping competition."
"The hotel has offered you a ballroom, a very appropriate room."
Can you imagine a New York cop giving me a condom?
Imagine having a condom and handing it out to a lot of people.
Never leave it to a specialist or a doctor or a nurse.
"They're trying to turn poor people into a bare-headed businessman, a small businessman."
I need to learn something before I owe you money.
"If you're watching TV, please call me."
Can you guess how many condoms you could get in Starbuck?
I also want you to add the goal of saving lives at the next Olympics.
I'm shocked to see you're being created by such a smallそう.
"In the end, the fire stabbings are just a small part of the complexity of the Earth's species."
"Okay, clock starts in 30 seconds."
I'm a better student. I don't have too much trouble.
"You make a decision, and you act on it."
"Two in the past, two in the future."
Or a future beyond common sense: to think about the world after death.
That's why I've created a chemistry system that uses the by-パートナーs of that area all over the world.
Which means we can build a lot of small factories around the world.
I stood here 11 years ago.
"Lucky for me, a lot of people would agree."
I told you I was an ace from Spain.
Let's do it again.
I don't think you'll make it.
Make him a man.
Let's just leave it like that.
"It's a tough economy for TEDsters, really tough."
They're calmly opposed to the current write-off.
It's the most important event in Eastern Europe since the war.
It's got the highest taxes in the world on it.
What are they gonna do with the money they made?
"There are many, actually."
It's drugs. It's from the second marijuana farm this morning.
It's one of a thousand familyバラs in British Columbia.
"Ever since globalization began, the world's drug market has grown."
It's not anymore about Parrellmo or New York's Cylons.
"In fact, a lot of people don't believe in science."
The most famous example is Albert Einstein.
"For centuries, the theory of p truckremios has been believed by many very intelligent people."
We have to deal with the issues beyond the borders of trade and restructuring.
The春 of the Arabs was the fall and winter.
There are a lot of ways to deal with this.
"It's about collecting real-time data, and putting it into the product immediately."
"I'm using people who have a lot of local thinkers, and I'm doing great work."
"Coke, I did a little research on this."
And this song is number one in 17 different pop charts.
Let's wash our hands to avoid diarrhea.
"It's known that by serving a burial, men's H there will be a drop in 60 percent."
"In 20 years,ポリo's have dropped by 9を引きs."
"Yesterday, I got new insights from the auto industry."
"Over the last 5,000 years, the transportation in the city has retreated."
"What's going on with science?"" We think about this a lot."
It's defined by the concept.
The revolution began with the discovery of relative theory and quantum theory.
There must be some form of self-forming algorithm in this universe.
Everyone who plays democracy is a part of the network.
"I also design the city, the streets."
That's why city design is the primary issue of our future.
"In this case, people have to avoid cars."
"As you can see, I work with the mayor of the data bank."
Do you like the shade of the lone chair?
It's double the neighboring area.
"Using paint, temporary ones, acted very quickly."
"The biggest Citi record so far is 45,000 in August."
"clean, safe, convenient."
The cost of science is written well.
"Out of the 6200 billion pounds, it's approximately 3 billion a year."
This photo is from a hydrogen spectrometer.
It's the Earth in the photographs of Mars.
The experience of biology is to humble people and create personalities.
The turn of the 19th century tends to be seen.
You're all so beautiful.
I've been trying to tell you that since yesterday.
Have you ever seen that little Swiss Army knife they're weaponizing?
My friend is dead.
I'm one of the high ends.
I was invited to the Bay of Mexico in May.
The show is going on right now.
I found this out in an oil wreck on the Exxon calms.
"I'm afraid not, but that's the cab you're looking for."
This is where they're going.
I'm not here to excuse poorness.
There's been a serious problem.
Do you know where it is?
My equipment and ours have something in common.
I'm sure you'll need some sacrifice.
That's why the biggest brain should have the highest ability.
This is the cell nucleus of one rat's brain.
We're psychics. We should consider ourselves the other psychics.
"If they'd eat like a monkey, they wouldn't have a brain or a body."
"If we had eaten like ape, we wouldn't have gotten this far."
The atoms are getting colder and closer to absolute zero.
The atoms can be solid or liquid or airborne.
He's the most unstable man we've ever seen.
The number of unemployed artists that have lost their jobs will increase.
Why don't you try an American dancer?
I don't know where I'm going today. I don't know who I'm going with.
I'm also a member of the movie graduation.
I'm beginning to understand the difference between men and women in how their brain works.
It's known as the brain pathway of imagination and long-term plan--
I'm facing the fact that you're in the mid-life crisis.
And that wave travels in the speed of light.
This simulation is a group of NASA's Goddard Space Labs.
"This one belongs to our group, a bit of a fancy model."
It's where a relatively light black hole gets sucked into a very heavy black hole.
When you're far away
"Luckily, we're far away from Long Beach, California."
"But while we're still at peace, there are two black holes in the universe."
And it's believed there's a very large black hole at the center of either.
"I believe that a prayer, or a prayer, doesn't change the world."
I talked to Auntie Sookie a few days ago.
She's been out of the country for the last year and a half.
I thought I'd have to take a vanjo to China.
The world awaits outside the door
I want to be in that light with all of you.
"But in fact, this will shut you down."
We're clearing out the already-存在ing circle of perpetrators and victims.
True security isn't about facing death.
"We must not flee the loss, embrace the grief and surrender."
"In the future that is shared, it is simply a shared matter."
The kids are at their playtime.
It's used as a water gun.
We need better product and information.
Is it either a symbol of obedience or a symbol of defiance?
A woman protecting a culture and a woman in a radical campaign.
"And after he left, the women and the girls stayed behind."
"Come on, Jean, we're not scared."
"She was the mother of three children, not the peaceful one."
"The next morning, she talked to the other women at the church."
All men have a right to a bit of luxury.
That's how charity begins.
I'm going to ask you to make your own explanation.
There are many books on these shelves.
"It's only recently that the word ""works for children"" has come to be commonly used."
It began as a great history change.
It's also a factor that complicates today's care.
The world is changing fast and unpredictable.
But the important thing is that men do a lot of things.
The first one was made in the back of St. Rider I.
We've developed a robot that's very capable of doing what we do.
"The next robot will be C.P.B. BeR, a cable-proof,足ed-up operational robot."
Let's see something very interesting.
They use energy to store positions on bulletproof surfaces.
"And now we're talking about the new robot, R.A.D."
We wanted to look at this matter in another light.
What kind of control do you need?
"There's a competition called ""Cup."
I don't know how many of you are there.
There's a lot of exciting robotics project we'd like to talk about.
The photographs in the back are from the lab at 3:00 a.m.
Have you ever ordered a bottle of wine and the waiter turned you down?
"It's not about men, it's about women."
"You've all read it, right?"
What's your name?
Did you know your name was eight points in the scylla?
It's blue.
"When I showed you the刑事, there was a green chicken."
"Yeah, yeah. There was another one."
"Now, I'm going to show you another piece of the puzzle."
I'm going to show you a clip of a movie.
We split this in three.
I needed all the information from large to small.
This is the base of our research.
"But from the point of view of the気にs, we've performed complex and sound data readings."
"On the left side, I'd seen 100,000食ons."
Now we're going to add 40 years to his current age.
I'm sure you'll find the chosen one here.
I also created a system that records every tongue move during the call.
Someone who spent the last nine months working on my tongue.
"He's sexy and tall, dark skin."
Jenny doesn't have that clearance or experience.
I don't know where my eyes are.
And yet this obvious fact has been ignored by governments and charities.
"A man manipulated the world, and this is how it ends."
The malfeasance will permeate from top to bottom.
"There are women and children down there, especially the poor."
"A job to bribe family, community community?"
"You work day and night to protect your life, your assets?"
"It's capable of detecting color, light, feels of the surface, chemical compounds, decay."
But my work is not about looking into the past.
This is the first baby I've seen in my life.
"First of all, let's forget there are billions of yen worth of merchandise."
My uncle buys condoms. Nice work.
"It's been 35, 36 years, and this program is still going on."
We can all work together to change behavior and habits.
"Unfortunately, the government just refused."
Even the media has had to have an education on the subject.
Our efforts are rewarded.
You should stop making shoes and clothes here.
"Starbucks will wake you up, but we will not only save lives."
There's a building made of firewood. It's just firewood.
"In other cases, only the meth casts glow."
"And if that male is your favorite, they'll start a conversation."
Let's see what happens when the light goes out.
We're going to have to expand the perimeter of the interbreed.
It's not about asking for love. It's about poison.
"Don't eat it, Adam."
"If, of course, you like marshmallows, you have a right to wait."
The natural recycle system has been a billion years old.
I've told you I'm growing materials.
What we're doing is accelerating progress in sailing technology.
What we really need is either random or random.
Something I've never heard of.
That's when I introduced you to a groundbreaking foot at the time.
A prosthetic doesn't replace what we've lost anymore.
"You can't see anything in the blindfold, can you?"
Are there any obstacles?
Please give a round of applause.
His name is K.
"heroin, cocaine, whoreships and precious metals."
"Well, how easy it is to launder money."
These last 20 years have been a big game for dirty money.
"But in this center, there's an outside bank network."
I'm going to give you a lesson in international crime.
It appears that organized crime is already prepared for the reブル.
This is a kit that was introduced to a Brazilian cyber criminal.
"In most cases, we can't appreciate our own scientific claims."
"In ideal cases, it's because the law is involved."
"Because if that's the law of nature, that's for sure."
This is an explanation of the concept known as the年-証拠way.
"Actually, it's much smaller than what's written here."
"I mean, scientific knowledge is considered the will of an expert."
"Well, here's my last point."
That's what we're going to use.
It's not about using a computer.
I'm gonna stand by the wall and do something.
I'm dialing in my hands.
"Frankly, I think this was my starting point."
That's why they're pulled from both sides.
"It appears to have been destroyed by a bomb, but it's not."
It's one of the biggest移ted cities in the land.
"In this photograph, there are three coal mines."
"It's a weapon factory using a Say-so, a by-off of oil."
I'd like to make a wish to the two daughters.
"If we can support this, whatever it is, it's gonna be great."
I don't care what this revolution finally calls it.
"At this time, our diplomatists have been directed to confront all these people."
There's a conversation that doesn't involve help.
We diplomatists need to know about the community's social circle.
I've painted the lobby walls and planted a tree.
This tower is a place where no one knows how to build or design.
"If you're going to visit the覚えてn's houses, you'll be surprised."
It's not the first time I've ever wondered.
So what's the great thing about the second Coke?
What can the government and the CIA learn from Coke?
Let's just think about how this can change people's lives.
This was actually done in a World Cup campaign.
We use condoms to stop the infection from happening.
Can you imagine what these young men are waiting for?
"In 20 of the largest cities in the world, there's a seemingly high level of landlordship."
It's worth billions just in Asia.
We didn't have to follow the paths we took a hundred years ago.
"Today, we will address the three stages of these evolutionary processes."
That's why a relevant universe requires a process of self-coordination.
"We've set targets and standards,半ed car accident deaths a year in the year, and set a clear action plan for the streets to become public spaces."
It's not about shutting down the traffic on Broadway.
What do you think about the Lonesome?
We immediately created an interconnected road network.
We've got a bicycle lane outside the parking lane for the first time in the U.S.
"Yesterday alone in New York City, 30,000 people have taken advantage of the call."
The bills will be paid in the auto shop before you get on the bus.
We live in times of financial hardship and hardship.
About 6 billion a year.
This is a remarkable photograph.
The sun's spectrometer.
Look at the number of black lines in the spectrometer.
One of the billions of comets in the universe.
So I think it's important to discover the unforgettable coincidence.
It could turn out to be a beauty or quite a surprise.
That's why you're here.
You look like you're pulling out.
It's here. It's our home.
There are some of you who would like to talk to me.
And I'm looking at your reactions.
"If you don't mind, I'd like a green one."
The other one took his phone out and called 911.
"In our case, it's a big chemical company."
And that was all the food source for the sea turtles.
I'm gonna ask you... shouldn't we know?
Some people don't defeat malaria orエイズ.
That's the candle?
The faithful may come.
"Oxygen's at 7 comets, normally it's 7 comets."
How many surgeries did you perform on your first expedition?
"You looking for, uh, surgical surgery?"
We're working on using oxygen now.
"It must be really special, because it doesn't apply to those rules."
I'd say it's about as important as the whole neural mass of your brain.
I'm sure darwin will really understand this.
"What if we are, or if we aren't?"
I think that's why we're here now.
I've been studying human brains and changed my mind about food.
"You know, we're facing an economic crisis."
But the idea isn't that crazy.
"So four years ago, I started a competition for your Ph.D.grid."
"As a result, we move slowly in the right direction."
One of the ways is to cut back all support for art.
Let me show you a few ways to make a dramatic change.
What's it gonna be?
There's nothing wrong with it.
"Now, what kind of drone technology do we use?"
Three hundred buses are hooked up to a high-機能 guidance system.
"I mean, society is moving towards the past."
There are a lot of dumb-ass men at the same time.
I've been talking about love biology today.
That's where we did the MRI.
He's shaking a lot.
That noise is shaking in space all the way to now.
It's called a white noise. It's called a random vibration.
You can't stop thinking about it here. Have you ever done that before?
Whatever makes us safe in this world needs to be revised.
It means a lot to the world.
"People are gathered here, normally they'd be imprisoned."
That's why I kept getting involved in the mine campaign.
"Real security, security checks, surveillance, clearance."
"There are thousands of warriors, even without millions."
But she was scared she'd be expelled.
But there was an interesting story I heard in振り.
The price is the same for a ordinary syringe.
Coke is ten times the price.
This will stop the needle from being used 20 or 30 times.
"Every time she travels in Afghanistan, she's worried."
These ethnic artists met in Jenner's research class at the university.
"Rema, the world that Bowie was given was war."
She stopped a bloody war with thousands of women.
"And when I look around, the police are gone."
"It's about Malcolm X, women's protesters, gay parades."
They're trying to get past Western development models.
"The beautiful Marine Ackerman used to say,"
"So we decided, ""Well, let's do it."
It wasn't as successful as I expected.
You're going to tell the ambassador about our brand and our campaign.
I was talking about Adam Garona's adventure.
The problem now lies with the child that is being raised right now.
The writer Michael Lewis said it well.
I'm not going to teach you how to ride a bike.
That's what happens when there's no script at all.
The first robot I'm going to introduce to you is Strider.
But my robot STrider won't be moving like this.
See how the robots work.
The little one in front of you is Strider II.
The next robot will be  come up with a new one.
It forms a kind of mechanical system.
He talked about how they're killing creativeness in education and school.
"There are two sides to this, actually."
The mass media continues to engage in sexual disguise of women.
Let's stop treating pregnant women like social property.
Here's a drawing of an animal from the farm.
He closes his eyes here.
Have you forgotten the purple?
"Now, Gwen, I'll give you this envelope."
"Katie, thank you for taking my picture."
"Ladies and gentlemen, here is today's New York Times."
"In this process, computer vision has made great progress."
You're not like anyone else.
"I've had a lot of meetings, and I've really thought about filming."
But then I had to give up.
There's no such thing as fear of technology and a strong obsession with the project.
I was able to reassure the studio.
The way your skin moves above your muscles and bones.
"I built it from Brad's model, so it's a lot of real stuff."
And targeting is to transfer this data to another model.
"For example, when you choose Benjamin's left eyebrows."
Here's the footage of the film that's been completed.
"And then I saw the same men again at night, coming home."
Maybe there's a more serious psychological problem.
You two will share a moment with me and your queen.
"If you know this song, sing it."
I want to talk about passion.
I was told it wasn't a laugh.
Only the brave mind can win the gold medal.
[ Laughs ] [ Laughs ] [ Laughs ] [ Laughs ] [ Laughs ] [ Laughs ]
I've been working with women for a woman.
"I can't rule out rape, assault, and sometimes murder."
I'm going to start picking teeth with a loud voice.
It's the basic question that most people ask.
Is it okay to ride on the tide of the world now?
I'm concerned about the abuse and abuse of power.
"Of course, I want a man with a young heart."
"You can feel the waves of pressure, which means you can hear the sound."
The one on the right is the male that releases the sperm.
"The reef is made up of animals, plants, microbial and fungal species."
"For example, why do we have to mow the lawn?"
Let us be children instead of coffins and concrete.
"It's not just about the rate of child death, it's about family planning."
And the women were relieved. This was their impression.
We can move on if we stop at a good mass for a family plan.
The Prime Minister replaced him shortly after that.
You're going to have to start with theエイgerence education at the university and all the schools.
Everyone loves it. They need a symbol.
Because he's a businessman who doesn't have a way of getting money.
money flows from corporations to villages through the plant.
"Before you start borrowing money, you need to learn something."
"For centuries, it's been admired in the world of art and poetry."
I didn't fly in the daylight to set the glow off.
We're going to look at the meth's tastes again and again and again.
It's a natural choice. It's a natural choice.
"In fact, two-thirds of children lose the temptation."
"They can't wait. The other children, of course, can."
"There's a child who can win the temptation, and they'll be delayed for later, for later, for later."
The kids who beat us have a high score in the admission exams.
"So, what's the whole picture of a good time line?"
Shots fired at heyers are essentially destroying the Earth's breathing system and gloves.
"In our methods, the fungal compounds are basically used like a chemistry agent."
"These chemicals are grown out of crop waste, and no crops have been used."
It's hard to imagine how they grow.
"Right now, these parts are self organizing in front of me."
It actually takes five days and a little more time.
You won't lose the thrust or the direction.
Turn new products into new markets.
I've released a more simple design.
This is what we're dreaming of.
I'd rather be Captain Geデt!
"(Laughs) Today I'm 5'5""."
We're here for the upswing athletes after the turned of '70s.
"Well, I've decided to speak to the gang."
"There's a supply zone in Mexico, on the Vulcan Islands."
"If this ship is new, it'll cost a million Euros."
It's the mostシーcient industry in the world.
It's more of a senor ring.
These medications contain only a handful of actual ones.
That's why malaria is going to thrive.
"They affect our food, our government."
There's no such thing as romantics in the 21st century gangs.
Faith is an entirely different thing from science.
"So, when you say to me, ""Trust in God."
I'm guessing he's taken a risk beyond logic and science.
Why is it important to be the law of nature?
It's a matter of deception.
That's the difference in angles.
I don't know why you're wearing theまいton boots.
Why does the car work so well?
"Frankly, the situation is extremely serious."
Because I've never spoken to anyone in these countries.
The people of South Africa will know that it was a very difficult process.
This company is using its own people as an excuse to harness the spirit of the locals.
"It's gonna be really bright, isn't it?"
This isn't a dream. This is a way of avoiding.
I think you've all heard this message.
But there's a solution-- a toilet.
I've seen it in a chicken shed.
We thought there were two possible source of the virus.
50 percent of the city's population lives in the city.
"Everyone loves a car, and so do I."
What are we fighting for now?
They started with cutting-edge technology.
It's not a sophisticated heart implant in the world.
"I don't know if I can really do it, but I'll keep trying."
This universe can be explained by a network of connections.
The nature of all objects depends on different relationships.
This is a relative theory. This is quantum mechanics.
It's become an interesting story.
The idea of this last universe is based on a relative point of view.
You can look at it from a different angle.
I think this is important to us who live in the city.
"As I've noticed, Mayor Bloomberg set up the Cavalry of the Motherfucking Earth in手を deal with this."
( Laughs) It's not good to be with a kid.
It was like Star-Tryc's living-along.
This is what the town's been talking about.
One of the things that's really successful is that everyone started to do it.
I'd like to take a look at how this strategy works.
The number of bicycles in blue is rising to a right.
Now the bicycle tracks are the same in New York.
It's supposed to be hundreds of miles.
Doesn't look like anything to me.
That's the limit that's been placed on the stars.
That planet is 50 million light years away.
What makes you look like Mars?
"Jupiter, Mars, Heaven, to the sea kingdom."
Even in a time of financial hardship.
We're based in New York.
Each one of these jokes has been labeled in many ways.
Let's get started on the robotic laugh.
Is there anything worse than bad news?
Thank you for joining us.
I hope you'll learn to appreciate the expression of robots.
It's like the principle of inconvenience.
And I hope one of you will help me.
"I graduated high school incrafts in Ohio, Ohio."
I graduated from the university with a medical degree.
How many people do you think are in that cab?
"I don't believe it, but there are some people who won't die."
He's doing an outbreak.
"health is rich, that's what Hans Rossling said."
We have a mission. We have a problem.
Then let's solve the problem.
"No, but it's all good because it worked."
The human brain is three times the size of that Gorilla.
And that's where I started to wonder.
Other animals don't cook. Only humans.
You don't have to do that. I'll show you.
"It's going into a whole new state of ""perspective."
"Still, it's hard to understand a scientist's story."
Our country is in debt at $115 billion.
It's not a movie. It's real.
But there's a cheerful story to tell.
"You use it when you need it, you pay for it."
"When you're on your way to a business partner, you're on your own."
"It's all mesh connections, so I'm talking to zero charge per month."
We've got a free radio system covering every land.
I'd like to think about it.
What kind of drone technology do you use?
Let's get back to where we started.
"I forgot to mention, love is a delusion."
That's the project in progress.
But there's no direct visual contact with the light.
But Einstein said the black holes were nothing but mathematical differences.
The sun won't be a black hole.
You can't hide behind a black hole.
Just like that.
This is the sound that we predicted from the footage in the universe.
But this galaxy hasn't stopped. It's trying to unite.
"Ten years ago from now, imagine the impact of two black holes."
"It'll pass, and in the next 20 years or so,"
We're talking here because we're asking for a challenge.
I've had a lot of challenge in my life.
To spend money on this kind of thing.
I've spoken to her about many issues.
"Some of them, like me, have always been active."
Turns out we don't need lawyers in the North anymore.
What does real security mean?
"India, Egypt, Italy or the United States."
Which means you're not safe.
This is your mission. This is what you must do.
"They've raised $10,000 for a performance that won't be made public."
There's a young woman in Minnesota named Kelly LaFleurson.
"Three years ago, I met Afghanistan at the lift ballet."
"For eight years, she worked hard at the lift ballet."
What else?
"You can't buy it, plan it, make it with a bomb."
Rivera was in bad shape for a decade-long civil war.
A friend of mine was a Muslim female police officer.
The police were called to move the women by force.
And then something really interesting happened to the harpoon.
"This way, we're improved on the nature of our work."
It's like side smoke at the airport.
"Since the child's no longer working, the financial side of parenting has changed."
"There are eight countries in the world without this system, and the U.S. is one of them."
Let's take a look at the Pop culture first.
"It stands for ""the intelligent travel platform of an active speaker system."
I bet you've never seen anything like this before.
"At that time, there were already six leg robots named S.T.A.R. Labs."
I'm in the process of considering the possibility.
That cable's made of optical fiber.
This is what we call a visually impaired driver.
But it's not enough to waste my imagination.
Have you ever heard of a man passing who hasn't spoken to you in a court of law?
She's an incredibly beautiful woman with a perfect crown.
"In fact, a proper pregnancy drinking is safe."
I'm sorry.
"Then I'll change the pattern to triangle, cube."
"Meanwhile, there are other cultures that have a particular kind of puzzle."
"As you can see, we've always solved the mystery."
"Now, stand there. Right there."
I don't want you to see me painting.
Let's paint it big.
It's going to be all right.
Do you think there's order in chaos I created?
Do you remember this puzzle I showed you?
What did you see?
And then I was experimenting on silver cows.
I'll put it on the screen.
Wait a minute.
F Scott and Fitzgerald's short novel.
The film company had something to do with theワーner Brothers and the Paramount.
They wanted a guarantee-- other than a promise.
I was just messing with pieces to get through the test.
( Laughs ) The plan was difficult.
You know the motion capture.
Then we came across an amazing technology called Conter.
Aesthetically correct data.
We've moved to a process called targeting.
This is where Brad is looking at the look on his face.
"From there, we're going into the process of image analysis."
It's as if I'm the queen's eye.
"Your Grace looks at me, waves and smiles."
I don't want to spend my whole life in that shipyard.
I want a life that's not ordinary.
What's more loyal than the truth?
The athletes have sacrificed themselves for the medal.
A good man with a common sense won't be a fascinating hero.
Of course. All cameras are looking at Sophia.
"They control their bodies, their lives."
( Laughs ]
The patient who gets comfortable with the teeth is kissing her hands.
The angry husband threatens to kill Jenny.
What is a goose and how does it grow?
It's a reward to be found.
Remember the hardest job you've ever had.
I'm sure it's a matter of being a parent.
They're offering us food and medicine.
It's as if the human race has betrayed the roots of an entire generation of rubbish.
Why don't you put a jelly beans in the oatmeal?
Here's the situation inバーbery inバーbery.
"The average number of children is seven, and the population grows by a whopping 7 percent."
I'm begging the public.
Now we're bigger than Coke.
My mother drinks pills every night.
"If you're pregnant, you should focus on it."
"And on July 4th,"
"Like this, it seemed like everyone was going to be there."
The high school teacher is a high school teacher.
It's a condom we made.
There may have been fewer people in the city of蔵.
The only way to get us out of this situation is through business.
You can order a condom with a capuchin.
"We're going to rebuild the school, make sure we can meet the needs of the community."
We found a mass defence weapon.
So what good could this bright light have done to the original species?
"Look, downstairs, he seems like he's trying to figure out who he's going to be."
"That's the sign that says, ""Come here."
This creature speaks of love by the word of light.
It's about time.
Promises can be defeated by passionate passions.
Most of them don't have the means to be a baby.
Any oversight in the time line works in a bad way.
I'm sure there's a lot ofTEDsters out there that care about you.
That's not all.
But nature does show very good examples.
"In this case, I've grown a corner Pat."
I'm sure it'll bring you some good news.
The whole ship is under control.
Thank you very much.
And these real silicon legs.
"Think about that guy, that little guy... that guy."
I'll take this eye mask.
"There's a production zone, like Afghanistan or Columbia."
The cigarettes that just came out of the factory are very cheap.
They shifted the way the deal was going.
The key is what we call social engineering.
Have you ever had a nosebleed in your childhood?
It's okay.
Can you see this phenomenon in nature?
The light that flows through the neighbors of the sun actually turns.
This is a prediction based on an anomaly.
"I've collected many things, including the famous Finch."
"In addition to being an important scientist, there's also a modeling of the methods that scientists often use."
It was a allegation about the cause of the mountains.
Computer simulations are a kind of model.
How do we find out what caused the recorded warming?
Scientists can model it using simulations.
We grew up touching things around us.
It's not just one finger we're tracking.
What's the plan?
How do you think you're gonna get time off the grid with India?
I was very interested in the scenery as a canaries myself.
"In time, it becomes the foundation of my work."
These times still exist.
"I want a house, I want a car."
"But in the meantime, things are growing."
"Now, I'd like to show you a picture of China."
So coal is probably one of the biggest problems.
There's no park. There's no green.
There's a new construction site around it. It's already got a lot of industry.
A lot of people are looking for this kind of work.
This photograph is one of the canteens.
That's what most computers do.
People feel better when they're out there.
I'm not taking anything to cause hallucinations.
This is a common case.
"Big, blue, four orange balls."
Most of it was related to the car.
There were patients who saw this kind of hallucination.
The sound of the car. I can feel it in five senses.
We're not building images in the optical field.
The body was found with a blast cell in the area around the time of the murder.
It's not like I'm dreaming.
I thought you'd hear me.
I'll take a look.
It was a very interesting talk.
"I'll take one, two, maybe four."
It reminds me of everything around me.
( Laughs ) The helicopter was really scary.
"Today, we're going to talk about an accident."
This photo is a Pacific garbage belt.
"Because the plastic waste already made is the same, right?"
It easily flows out into the outside world.
The thick blue graph is the government's amount.
I'm a member of the party. I'm a member of the party.
We can't even discuss the amendment of social security.
We're very eager to deal with them.
Only a political solution can settle the problem.
This movement will be long-term from now on.
Because they could be a bunch of people now.
There's a conversation between a subtle and a subtle.
"What we're going to learn from this,"
This is probably the first sign of change.
"Fortunately, we're not helpless."
There's hardly any Besides any of the built-in equipment in the town.
Coke is overwhelming.
Let's just compare this to some development help.
The government has already begun to argue.
Coke's third factor of success:
Re-use it as a board of your own home.
Why are these things so important?
"This one's less than 1,500 in this year."
Or a snowing machine that doesn't need snow.
The city grew and spread.
It led to the success of new theories such as neo-derwinism.
It's not good for the fire extinguisher.
"It's dangerous, and it's cold and sweaty."
"It was like, ""Where's nobody?"
The result is not a computer model.
You can see the streets of real society.
It's a single click.
Green is the number of bicycle lanes.
New Yorkers are backing the bicycle lane.
One bicycle is used six times a day.
This is how it was six years ago.
The biggest research was conducted in the early '90s.
There are only a few places where electronics can exist.
It's an  comet made up of carbon and oxygen.
I'll keep an eye out for pictures of this Earth.
It's the Earth that was taken 12 billion kilometers away.
Look again at this point.
I'm sure he'll be very popular.
I haven't had a war in 500 years.
Do you guys like TV?
The productor is not responsible for proof.
There's also a problem with the pudding.
The close-up of the close-up of the close-up of the close-up of the close-up of the close-up of the close-up of the close-up of the case.
"It's only oil, but it's capable of breeding."
It's easy to see in a pillars.
Look at that bag.
"If you're in good health, you'll be a lot quicker."
He's Mike from the Mississippi.
"Anything you need, we'll keep it with us."
She's my classmate. She graduated from college with me.
The human brain isn't the brain of a teeth.
Then why does our brains use so much energy?
They distract us with charming images and irrelevant data.
I have two things to tell you today.
So how did Zipcar affect society?
I can tell you what all of America has in common.
We're going to talk about Alan Kay.
What's the cost of this communication system?
That's what they said.
But the main question is always the same.
The TV is forming our consciousness around it.
A black hole is a dark object in a dark universe.
This is the great general theory of Einstein.
Even the light can be bended by this twist.
He believed nature would protect us.
Something like that.
They move around each other hundreds of times a second.
That sound is predictable.
I just want to get away from this noise.
I see two comets in the video of thisダブル telescope.
These two galaxy seem to be holding each other back.
It is not to weaponize your own country.
"I said,"
You have to work hard to get what you want.
"A few months later, I was making a song."
"We form a block of ""we"" in our country and our religion."
"Bad guys, saint, criminals, and victims."
It's not about power. It's about greed.
"From the beginning to the end, there were two syringes."
You can imagine the size of this problem.
These children in Pakistan don't go to school.
"Lucky for us, they're already here."
Recycle and reユーse are the big problem here.
It's a used bloody syringe.
I'll give you a shot and put it down.
"It's very simple, thank you."
I'm interested to see how a woman saves us.
"Most of them are in their 20s, some of them mothers."
She promised to tell this story to her own community.
"Negotiations have gone on for quite some time, and it's not going to be over."
But we need fire from above.
We're currently supporting the前嫌lar cancer foundation in 13 countries.
I'm sure there's a lot of great books.
"And my God, I'm alive."
How many times have I been depressed?
This is my newborn son.
This is a video of a live simulation.
We're calling this a move-on.
You'll have to change the length of the talk.
Interesting package you're carrying.
You can crush a cup of juice.
Twelve free robot arms.
The next robot will be our star now.
There was the birth of the S.H.I.E.L.D.
"Get up, walk."
It's a game of robotics. It's a team effort.
So what's the secret to our success?
This is the truth. I'm talking to myself.
I need to decode it.
I'll see what the rules are before we begin.
"That rule says, ""Nobody judges an idea."
- It's not sexy. - It's weird.
There's a different type of sexuality.
Have you ever been told that it's wrong?
You act like you're doing it temporarily.
"Well, riddles exist in every culture."
I'm sure it'll be fun.
Okay.
"Well, ladies and gentlemen, how could you possibly do this?"
This is a puzzle for all of you.
You painted the donkeys red.
The invisible and the invisible.
I've also ruled out the idea of using special makeup.
There's no room for a little deception or mistake.
"A lot of money, a lot of honor."
It's in a computer program.
And it's succeeded in bringing it up to a million.
These are the grounds for our progress.
Now we're going into the film phase.
I'll play Benjamin.
I had a firm will not want to be that way.
I don't want to live in that house.
The passion lives on here. Isn't it always?
The mind drives man to his destiny.
We had an unforgettable fight.
She does a lot of teeth that day.
What was the hardest job you've ever had?
Maybe there's a clue as to where we can find new food.
We have a very optimistic view of the world.
The children are learning at school.
This is our network.
But why do you have such a high profile body?
"Well, I'll seduce a four-year-old. Thanks."
"It's time with family, time with friends,"
"Time to have fun, to do your thing."
"And to live for the work, the achievement, the control."
"Because in nature, it's a recycle system."
I'll handle these with some basic equipment.
"The final step is, of course, a use."
What does a beautiful woman look like?
The audience thought it was wooden boots.
And no more would you dare to conquer it.
What is brain magic?
I'll take you to your car.
I'll see what I can do.
Where are we now?
"It's all right, right?"
Let's do this the hard way.
"Remember his name, himself."
Why would such extreme growth lead to an international crime?
This case meant a great deal to me personally.
But it happened in Eastern Europe.
Vulcan Island was a good place to start it.
"In the past few years, five million people have died in thembo."
It's the fastest vehicle in Europe.
I can't limit it.
Let's see what Mr. bombings has to say.
Which means we need to keep an eye out for cyber crime.
"If there's anything that matches you, put your hands up."
How do I know they're right?
This is the first problem with textbook models.
"Now, the third question."
But what's causing that change?
"In this sense, science is essentially essential."
You learn naturally in life.
"I've got ladders, ladders, springs."
I want to know what's going on.
This is the theme.
I've done a lot of traveling.
We're in a town called Flackville.
There's something we don't see.
"At first, I thought we were going to India."
That's the photograph I'm showing you.
There's just a lot of people living on the hills.
This photo is one of three shifts.
Have a seat. You've got about 20 minutes.
"They refuse to move, they don't negotiate."
This photo is a jewel squad just outside of Shanghai.
"There are about 1,500 employees on this floor."
You're not allowed in or out.
This concerns California and silicon Valley.
I'm hoping it'll be a good opportunity to look at the website.
I've seen that happen before.
What's going on inside?
"But there are limits to what's good, to what's not good."
It's what your brain sees.
It's not our creation.
We can't stop them.
"If we get any closer, we stop."
She doesn't know what's going on.
My grandfather was a high-age judge.
And I saw a big wheel floating in the sky.
It happens all of a sudden.
Sometimes the contents are very complicated.
"Most of all, she could see the footage."
The best thing I've seen is the frog Kermit.
I want to know what that feels like.
I wonder what happened to them.
I won't forget that Tuesday night.
It's unique and interesting.
I saw Aston Martin this morning.
"As a matter of fact, I'm deaf, too."
There are many different kinds of ho hands in paper towels.
"Decomposition of plastic will take decades, thousands of years."
But this mistake will lead to an unexpected discovery.
"It's like, ""something must be done."
This has become even worse.
There's a rumor going around about the system being shut down.
A lot of leftovers want to maintain the defense cost.
There's no such thing as a complete success in the famous economic theory so far.
It's okay as long as there's a money laundering.
The patients are crowded in the infirmary waiting room at the clinic.
What will they do there?
In the top 10 cities in the country.
There are half a million college students in New York alone.
Do you have any food to eat with your medication?
That's why I'm making a proposal.
You'll have to do it again.
- Do you want me to recommend it?
"I mean, we just have to do it."
Bye bye.
I'm not so much of a designer.
This is what happens when you don't think about it.
Dad. Dad.
It's a little scary on the pages.
I'm sorry. I don't know what happened to him.
I can't walk. What happened?
It's not like that.
"Reassure them, draw them away."
I'm a man.
"Apparently, it was a mistake to believe that being me was self-destructive."
There's still a fight about religion.
"Today, we don't have to face natural chaos."
"Oh, my God. We have a lot of work to do."
It's only an bait and it grows.
His head is down. He's walking backwards.
So how do we detect that lead?
That was the next question.
It's almost the same as our temperature.
I've got a strong order for you.
We've moved him to a new location.
We don't know if he's using you.
A house waiting to cross the border.
They started digging holes in their hands with shovels.
I'll show you again.
There was another surprise.
But this is not the end of the story.
They're all in the same position as before.
It's a very good solution to this problem.
Patrick didn't give up his dream of going to the world.
This is the biggest problem our society is facing.
You don't have to worry about the sleeper power.
There's no limit to seats at a casual college.
"Finally, trust in each other's mutual learning."
Humans are ranch milk.
"Finally, I was able to sneak a glimpse of the lonely waters."
And then I discovered this little green glow.
"Well, I'm a goose biologyst."
They're creating a diversion that they can actually see.
That's why I was able to see the neural cells.
I'd say this is a selfless extraction from the mothers.
A group like this often has a terrorist recorder on it right away.
You can't talk to anyone at all.
There are many ways to communicate.
We diplomatists should be involved in this meaningful change.
But it's hard to see progress in such a strategy.
He sells 1 billion Coke every day.
"So, what's the next step in the echo?"
But it does. Look at these headlines.
The women refuse to marry a man without a toilet.
"When I look at a country like India,"
And there are 25 million vaccines.
Because more people should have been infected.
That's not what happened at the scene.
I just want to think about today's world situation.
Most of the traffic has been improved.
It doesn't really look like a vehicle.
The cameras were taking her.
He asked me to introduce him.
[機械 sound] [ music ] [ applause]
Here are some principles of ethics.
We're here to have a good time.
This is the idea that everything is defined.
"Well, Newton and Locke are friends."
They were thinking the same thing.
It hasn't changed much in 50 years.
traffic has become more and more secure.
"If you're on the screen, it should be easy."
We've done some new designs on the street.
This is what we're talking about.
This is what we're talking about.
That's where the name came from.
I see something like this.
It's a camera that was made by Mr. Cassini.
It's the Earth that we've captured from 12 billion kilometers away.
He's always been accused.
I've taken a name from one of the Starbucks.
"It's rare, or it's a good show, but it's not."
You're all wonderful guests.
And this is how those milks are going to be.
Because we're finally getting to the waste treatment facility.
We're still being wandered around in the industry.
I thought my throat was gonna burn.
The solvent that makes this very efficient.
I'd like to introduce you to a few partners.
What's our right to know?
Thank you for shareing my issues with all of you. Thank you.
Some people say it's about education and health.
This is a recent photo.
"Well, it's all陰es."
The oxygen tank didn't work properly.
"This is what I'm going to call ""the appropriate thing for Africa."
It's designed to fit in a socket.
Oxygen transportation technology isn't state of the art.
What's so special about the human brain?
I don't think it's human.
"First, lock the atoms in special containers."
"When you dance, the science becomes clearer."
Before you believe me.
"From this experience, I've come up with a small proposal."
There's no need to argue with numbers.
How did people react to this?
"Because the cost is so low, you're driving too much."
We should make more market movements.
The wire technology makes this decision possible in real time.
"From now on, it's the time of an all-clear network with an ad-hooked frequency of one-way, one-way, one-way."
( LAUGHS) I like the mesh network.
Let me give you a few examples.
Two in the closet.
It's a curve of space.
The Einsteins will be here in a week.
I didn't think it actually existed in nature.
Then imagine you're in a big van.
"Quick, get me a tracker!"
Then a little girl came to me.
"Christian, Muslim, Jewish."
We must fight whoever's trying to destroy this.
The idea becomes shorter.
I'm sure there's a lot of them here.
I love this story.
I was taken to an orphanage.
Recycle is a big problem in China.
Blow up water and drink.
And men are affected by these rules.
I can't believe a woman's rights champion is going to take religion out on her own.
She's on the Taliban target list.
"When I hear about safety, I sway my shoulders."
We can make a change using our own traditions.
"I've changed my motherhood, my role as a father."
It was like that when I was younger.
I had a beef to feed.
"I've been invited to the TED, and I've been doing a talk."
Our job is to raise and respect our children's self-respect.
I was pretty excited about the morphine.
It's called a three-headed self-destruct prototype.
It's a hybrid on wheels and legs.
It could be used for search and rescue.
There are a lot of people who would like to visit the lab.
I can climb such a ladder
It's all about the coolness of the present.
There's still no sensors on this.
Open loop control.
It's an international soccer competition led by a bunch of robots.
It was done in China.
There's a lot of other talents about this place.
How do you think I'm doing that?
How are you developing your ideas?
There are five secrets.
"First, you need to know where you get your inspiration."
It's how you get your imagination to sink in.
How are you going to develop such an idea?
That's how they grow their ideas.
These are the tools we need.
That's all. Thank you very much.
"Well, tell me more."
Have you ever been asked questions about how to split up?
"From birth, it was designed to solve riddles."
"What about the newly invented puzzle, the Jigsaw puzzle?"
"You're building order from chaos, aren't you?"
I'm trying to decode the world.
"All of a sudden, everyone's turning their eyes."
I'm here.
"Well, that's all right."
Keep looking. It's hidden under the chair.
There's a name up there.
Isn't that amazing?
Humans find order in chaos.
How do they feel about me getting younger?
I was born with a sickness.
I've created a complete face.
Benjamin must be someone who brings a lot of sympathy.
It's been going on for about five weeks.
I've done a lot of cheating and shortcuts.
This is the actor.
And this is the performance of the actor who plays body.
And it's being completed again.
And then I created a system that focuses on the eyes.
And then I needed a more specific system for my mouth.
"And over time, he changed his teeth."
A smile is nothing but a smile.
This is Benjamin. Thank you.
Write what you know. That's what I say.
I'm waving a flag even harder.
"Yeah, I didn't heal any disease."
"It's my right, too, as it is the queen's."
Thank you for your time.
Thank you.
It's easy. Let's sing together.
"♪ Let's send a message ♪ Come on, sing it."
There's a Jewish altar I love very much.
Just like the rest of you.
He was handed a uniform in his locker room.
Sofia is a fine woman who's over 70 years old.
"The word ""mapend"" means great love."
There's a lot of people who would like to write a book...
She risks herself being scared.
Her face was swollen like a watermelon.
Mathieu's going to a village in Whoa.
The most dangerous thing I've ever seen is abuse.
It's not better. It's better.
A childhood filled with these questions.
You can't run around in the dark.
I had to lower the rate of this increase.
This photo became news all over the country.
"American Coke, of course."
There's either Coke or Peppi.
And it was time to move on to the next level.
I'll give it to you later.
May the next Olympics save lives.
Everybody's going to be there.
90 % of the funds are coming from all over please.
It should be one of the human rights to get funds.
"Otherwise, people can't get away with it."
It's called a community development project using the school.
It's a exodehist dome made out of firewood.
What happens after the light goes out?
The fire stabbings can make a whole new body in the process of growing.
The firewood's light begins in this childhood.
"They're flying, and they're throwing all the light."
"Where are the meths, by the way?"
And the males approach and fire the light once more.
So how does a female measure the sexuality of a male?
"It's not just sweetness, it's brightness."
I don't know.
"You can focus on the positive, or the negative."
"The past is more positive, the future is more high."
And this substance is being used outside of packing.
"Well, here's what we're gonna talk about."
It's much faster than the usual crops.
It's a network of intentions.
"Matthew Bernie's ""Clears cycle"
This is the expansion image.
Did you feel anything?
You made a move this time.
"Hold on, both of you."
Tell me where the paper cup is.
Which means the police weren't functioning.
That's what we call the mob.
But what about the gotta do in the gotta do?
It's the freedom of international financial markets.
"It affects our communications, our pension funds."
It's an honor to have you here.
Scientists say the world is warming up.
Most chemists aren't expert in evolutionary theory.
Why do they believe each other's claims?
This was the key to proofing the theory.
Which means the law has something to do with it.
And that relationship always happens.
The main problem is that it's wrong.
"First, there's a logical problem."
It wasn't.
This black line is real.
"Sometimes scientists say, ""Yes."
"The word ""no"" means ""no."
Power is the entire world of science.
Most people wake up in the morning.
The camera catches the signal.
But we are completely cut off from these times.
This new technology we're looking forward to.
This is the city hall building.
It's got tuxedos and flowers on it.
The domestic company was easier than that.
It was only started about 14 months ago.
"This way, we won't have to rely on late-night fuel."
You'll be less addicted to energy.
A man who smiles at me.
"And then one night, the scene changed."
Cats and dogs.
I did what she said.
It doesn't show up or disappear.
It's called reverse vision.
"And secondly, it's pretty common."
I don't think Kermit means anything to me.
Wouldn't that make you nervous?
"Ladies and gentlemen, please speak up."
Even if it's not good for a rerun...
It's the worst temperature I've ever seen.
Thank you.
Let me explain.
"I agree with social services, medical insurance."
This is a big mistake.
I'm guessing about a quarter of the party.
This tends to be the same as it is now.
But I'm not here to speak for what we think.
It's the same thing that's been going on between Hamilton and Jefferson.
What's terrifying is that the world sees this.
What about the insurance to pay the prescription?
What should we do?
That's what I was taught.
"I'll say, ""Yes, really?"
He'll say hello.
"They're talented scientists, artists, writers."
"John, each of these things should be made for a purpose."
My father used to put design on everything he did.
It's important how you play it.
"Even if we move within Switzerland and the airport,"
We're supposed to work on design.
( Laughs) This is comfortable.
Maybe that's why.
"It's like an accident I've had, and it's come from nowhere."
There's been a riot in the center of Kimshasha.
I want to show you something.
"Mine is an American made, sophisticated design."
I'm sure she was happy. I think she understood.
All I could think of was design for a while.
"Two weeks later, the police stopped them."
They visited the city's special agent's office.
I couldn't get a simple picture.
And I've encountered the first surprise.
"The muscles are congealed, but nothing happens."
This really bothered me.
That's what I'm talking about.
university education is expensive. We all know that.
We... applause.
We didn't have to think of anything entirely new.
A normal college has to do what a casual college doesn't need.
It was a future figure five years ago.
The大学 of the People has now been fully authenticated.
This image is completely wrong. It's completely wrong.
That's why I wanted to get closer to this.
It's an extraordinary creature that males give birth to.
They are the most mysterious fish.
But what does this mean to a shark?
"I'm going to take a look at the spectrometer, see if we can get a picture of the galaxy."
Let's start with the question of generalization.
I might be able to do it without looking.
Let's see what the baby does.
Let's see what the baby does.
I'll give you two last words.
"First of all, this research is out of the ordinary."
I know it's a tradition.
The social circle held a demonstration at the scene of the attack.
Let's look at the data first.
The coke keeps rolling the feeds.
Let's see what we can find out about the development.
What about medical and development aid?
I think that's a mistake.
It's about working for that community.
"And more importantly, saving people's lives."
It's my heart's happiness.
No one's going to let that go.
It's being used as a parking lot.
"They've been using cell phones from the beginning, which means..."
And this relationship's network is evolving.
We call this concerned universe.
And I'm sure the police won't like it.
It's a six-month trial.
The data was all there was.
It was a great success.
I'm looking at a map from '95.
You've traveled halfway around the world.
Its use keeps rising.
I'm just gonna look over the street.
It's about 500 kilometers wide.
I'll show you the Enきっとs.
It's a photograph of him passing through.
I've never seen anything like this.
It's a type 1a superニュース explosion.
And I took pictures of this Earth.
I'm aware of your data.
I'm not feeling anything.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Here's the first one.
One of them fell out of nowhere.
I don't think he's breathing.
You'll learn a lot.
That's it for today.
How was my first act?
There will be more and more changes.
That decision was about protecting the swamp.
"In this case, there's oil in the water."
There's another scenario here.
That's why the authorities are completely out of the question.
They haven't been identified.
It's my specialty.
It's a very big problem.
Does he look happy?
There's quite a bit of equipment that's been donated.
What do we do without him?
Twelve heart-sections have been performed successfully.
Have you ever seen anything like this?
There are some basic characteristics.
Then what about our brains?
It's just that the brain of a man is the brain of a giant freaking freaking freaking freak.
Then how did you get here?
I have a doctorate in microbiology.
I'm surprised you're doing so well.
The cells change shape.
"Next case in Portsmouth, England."
How can we build a giant network?
You can see the moon because of the reflection.
It's a mess around the perimeter so you can see its presence.
It's also a curve of space.
Earth can't hide behind a black hole.
"It's like when you're at home, it's like you're not going to listen."
It's also the sounds our group predicted.
Two black holes approaching each other.
"And finally, you'll be able to blend in."
Sounds uncomfortable.
"This is literally the definition of ""noise."
I'm really looking out for him.
I'm told it's all over the world.
"Together, we change the world."
Let me tell you a story.
Of the three mothers and children.
A child died at the scene.
We work hard every day.
"Instead, I went to Nashville."
I hear a voice in my heart.
I've performed in thousands of shows.
"People don't change, they're not stable."
And this is really good news.
Our purpose in life has changed to our own protection.
I went to a refugee camp inぞぞぞ.
"I saved 1,500 women from the mutilation."
These are not my weapons.
Looks like a regular syringe.
Are there other people?
Her relatives came by and surrounded her.
I made him wear a white Sally.
I'm going to wipe Bingley off her forehead.
That's why you mix them up in lesbo.
"One night, she dreamed."
We were all tired of the war.
I sensed that Racha and her crew had enough of it already.
The video is clearly a police officer's face.
"He has a nasty face, and it will pass."
Fire from below.
And they need an ally.
It's definitely headed our way.
(Laughs)
Me neither. They were applause.
Thank you.
I wanted to try this joke.
It's changed the role of the child.
They're getting over it right now.
But that's not what we're looking for.
I'll say it again.
Is that a bad role model?
"It's literally called ""reborn wheels."
We can't go in the Lovers now.
An air robot hand with bullet holes.
I've developed a new client for the joints.
It's a full-fledged flaw inn II.
Let's take a look at the type of lovecoming.
It's a disposable. It's forgotten.
What's that?
"Have you ever been pregnant before, or have you ever been so hungry that you can see?"
It's all over the Internet.
I've been trying to solve the case ever since.
Don't start yet.
Owl.
"It's the date of March 18th, 今."
You'll have more hair than you've ever done.
He's an interesting man.
This is the one.
The skin was lacking in detail.
I had to complete the light effect this time.
It's based on Brad's teeth.
Benjamin's in a nursing home.
"Yes, the creation was always an act of an act of devil's deception."
It's from the shipyard.
I've been soaking.
Your Majesty is aboard.
I don't belong here.
I want to live a bigger life than this city.
There are these stories of passion.
"No education, no freedom."
"Brave, passionate Jenny."
Today there are millions of women in this situation.
They're poor people.
What is the world we want?
I want to make this world a better place.
But the technology of protection has failed.
Shooting at gunpoint.
But we don't define this.
"Mom, you're doing great. Let's go."
Thank you for your time.
Quiet. Hold still.
It's done manually and unconsciously.
"To others, it doesn't matter now."
They're focusing on the predictable consequences.
"You can start thinking about the future, starting with targets."
"And in the past, negative and present, fate is always low."
It's in your bodies.
Because biology is a product.
The first reason we can use our own materials.
We don't need any new technology for this.
What if I could change the shape of the ship?
We can catch the wind from both sides.
This was done in the Dutch.
A new nature for a sailboat.
We replace the competition by cooperating.
"Basically, license."
It's the way of intelligence.
It's a very simple condition.
Even that was fun.
You think you can read with your fingers?
Come on.
"Well, I'll take the blindfold off."
"Oh, my God."
"Okay, open your eyes."
"One, two, three, four."
Put your hands on the paper cup.
Okay.
I'll tell you everything.
"These people, remember?"
The law didn't work properly.
They said the vaccine would be safe.
Why should we believe in science?
modern cars don't often fail.
What we're interested in is the information in the computer.
It's very interesting to play with paper.
"But afterwards, you'll be lucky."
It took me 15 days to store the water.
And this is a newly built city.
And there's a dorm for the employees.
This is a five-yard bridge in Shanghai.
Ten hours a day. That's the speed.
We need a more aggressive response.
I work in a nursing home.
My grandfather recognized it as a hallucination.
I don't have a handkerchief that floats in the sky.
That's all I remember.
I've also seen movement.
They'll seduce me. They'll insult me.
Standing at a intersection.
I was waiting for her--
Charlesonne is quite different.
It should be somewhere already.
Consider the number of blind people in the world.
Thank you.
There's a lot of things that go off yourself.
"Hold up, hold up, hold up."
The towels that come out are too big.
But there's only one problem.
And the temperature began to fall.
I looked back at this picture.
That's where we thought.
Thank you.
"But unlike Greece, we have 20 years."
All you have to do is lower both lines.
But there's a problem with the wealth being stored in the wrong place.
But there's a problem with the wealth being stored in the wrong place.
"I mean, the social services system is relatively easy to come to an agreement."
The only time I can spare each patient is 13 minutes.
"But in fact, I was destroyed."
These are used for us.
That's how the health lease began.
Same thing happens in the infirmary waiting room.
Do you have any transportation to the薬品?
Thank you.
It's the history we've been through.
The first idea...
I don't know who you'd like to get involved in.
There's no way they're gonna ignore the skin color.
Remember the serial killer Jeffrey Darmer and the politician Colin Powell?
Because not everyone's trying to punish you.
These men are powerful missionaries.
"A loving grandfather, a kind son."
Magic is a very private area.
Let's try something.
Let's try this.
He's not normal at all.
We're supposed to work on design.
It's only a matter of time before this Abigail was born.
It's hot in Africa.
Look at the reaction of the beetles.
They know the light's decay.
You did it again.
"One hot, one cool."
I named myself Coulson's boots.
It's called a paprioma subspect.
I don't want to beautiful the betterment.
I was struck by one wall right away.
That's where he offered me one deal.
This is a coven.
You'll find people after you.
He believes in the power of education.
"First of all, armor and malar cost money."
We've been showing the effectiveness of this model.
Sounds like a water light show.
So how do we investigate this?
Look at these. They're beautiful.
It's quite a thrill.
It was mostly an event at shallow depths.
"Some Sango may be 1,000 years old."
My dreams are like this.
"You can hit him, or you can hit him."
That doesn't mean it's not a randomly extracted data.
What do we do with the baby?
I've got the results from the experiment.
We're going to need a few seconds of video.
That it doesn't always ring.
"Just let me do it, Clara."
"One, two, three. Go!"
The mind creates completely new ideas.
The child understands the whole world.
People know about objects and their nature.
Thank you.
There are dark times in this world.
I'm afraid we're going to have to intervene.
Looks like everyone's agreeing to it now.
Let's take another step.
This is where the revolution is going.
Do you think this will make us a thinker?
I'm starting to see some new signs.
They also built a basketball court.
Even a church.
This residence is called Yoon.
They're using it as a warehouse for crops.
"[ [ men, before you come close to asking for a toilet, no toilet, no wife?"
I'm waiting for you to be robbed.
And this success is quite possible.
I wish I could have said that.
And this is certainly a remarkable accomplishment.
You'll be moving in exercise shoes.
These things are very close.
It's about the ranch.
We can do whatever we want with paint.
That's the count of ten million kilometers.
You're hiding in plain sight.
We fund everything in England.
It's the Enきっとs.
There is an ice satellite.
The search can be traced backwards.
That's quite a surprise.
A star made of carbon and oxygen.
Boyger is a small probe.
You're lucky.
And these go to the electronic waste site.
Things are becoming more and more serious.
I found out there's a room.
Like a delivery guy for FedEx.
We're learning from the past oil crashes.
It's a very sensitive breathing pathogen.
Here's a commonly used dis捨てtion device.
This is the problem.
"And yet, I performed a heart operation."
This photo was taken last year.
So do you.
What's the advantage of being human?
That's the food.
Why are you driving so much?
Something like that could happen.
We have quite a bit of communications.
It hurts to see the sun in the daytime.
I can't see it with my own eyes.
It's not enough.
One of them is in this group.
"Well, of course, at the time."
This is your last chance.
I'm done.
"Mom, you know what I mean."
I can agree with that.
To stop the oil sandwich.
It's all about this.
It's important to all of us.
"hang on, man."
Our work for peace is very creative.
It's hard work.
I won the Peace Prize.
She's running for office now.
There's a few people who might want to join us.
It's not a bad thing.
She's in high school.
"We're just putting water on each other, enjoying each other."
Take away her colored Sally.
I like rock.
I want that campaign spread to our country.
All of these books have been written out of good will.
People who have children have more stress than people who don't.
Then why did this happen?
He's also got a steady job.
My daddy's alone in his room.
I don't have a briefcase.
That's where the troubled character is.
I suddenly had a C-section.
I whispered it in his ear.
It's a process of repeated descent.
Let me show you where it's going.
"Look at that, huh?"
That's how the front wheel turns.
I've developed an appropriate walking planner.
It's a homeboy robot.
This is the arm of the S.H.I.E.L.D.
"This year in Australia, it was done."
Our education is very important.
Do pregnant women have sex?
Most of the answers were negative.
I'm sure you'll find it difficult to accept sexism.
What's your point of view?
That's exactly what I am.
Let's try to figure things out for you.
Someone's been knocking on you.
Are you excited?
"Goodbye, Gwen."
Looks like the same.
Let's take a good look.
The New York Times.
What kind of disease?
I was born in the body of an old man.
A lot of changes have happened.
I felt good.
He's the lead character now.
But there's one thing I know.
That's where I was looking at the motion capture.
And give up the motion capture.
He made a scene in a movie.
There's another thing that matters is how the skin moves.
"In time, these ideas begin to come true."
On the contrary.
I was attacked by an idea.
She's pregnant and a widow.
A woman accounts for気持ちs of the human race.
Working outside the sun?
I'll give you an example.
"Still, we're not using sophisticated technology."
Why is your homework so important?
Next up are the school teachers.
That's why I asked the doctors.
That's why our efforts were unnecessary.
I'm glad you liked it.
You can get a condom in the cab.
It's a condom for global warming.
This is not a handout.
It's a photograph of a Tyler.
Are we having a conversation?
They were in perfect condition. They were glowing together.
"To me, fire stabbings are fascinating."
How romantic.
The biggest reason we're here is because we're shrink.
What makes you decide?
What will the future sacrifice to succeed?
It's usually in the back.
This is how we look today.
I could be a meta-human.
That's what I'm talking about.
Life is full of possibilities.
Do what I do.
Really?
Put your hands out.
But what if it's one?
Apparently there were people like this.
The answer is six.
Bernie Madoff stole $30 billion.
And they're terribly successful.
It's not that hard.
"Yeah, I'm fine here."
The test is over.
Why should we trust science?
It'll take me a few days on Sunday.
And we should trust that claim.
How do we do that?
I wonder if it was raining.
I trust my car.
We want to know about things.
Of course I can watch a movie.
That's amazing. Wow.
But I also think that endurance is very important.
And it keeps happening.
I'm sure you'll understand.
That density is incredible.
I need an active system.
"I mean, to the neighbors."
I went to see him.
"Even if I knew it was a hallucination,"
You can't control it.
I took a good look at him.
You're having a Charleston's psychosis.
They start hallucinating.
I don't know what this means.
I just wanted to talk to you.
I see many things.
I'm seeing some kind of geological hallucination.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. I'll get your hands wet.
I'll tell you a secret.
It's starting to stop at all costs.
I can get you a half a towel.
"Well, next year, we'll save a little toilet paper."
What do you think happened?
But isn't it all bad?
But let me tell you something.
It's a lot of conflict.
Let's take two examples.
That's why I tried.
That's Amador Diaro.
Sean Bell.
Sometimes Oscar Grant.
And it could be Treyton Martin.
It's a deniability.
Please don't try to be a good person.
"Yes, it is."
Here's the problem.
I wonder who they're avoiding.
Five million people have done it.
The kids are there too.
Because we won't say anything.
I don't have sex.
And to my business associates.
Hold on.
Try again.
You heard him.
The music is merely a diversion.
It'll make you feel who's on board.
The people on board control their own lives.
It's basically a different kind.
The purpose is a sign of civilization.
Five. Five.
That was really nice. I could have bought this.
That's not good.
I've seen his reaction.
You've started dancing a lot.
There's a tricky experiment here.
It's a beautiful structure.
Let's meet some of them.
She can't pay her class.
Everything here is free.
Today it's come true.
It's a male.
Let's go back to the useful applied.
Maybe it's just blue.
"As a specimen, it's possible."
"For example, this baby."
Things don't work out for him.
Just play with it.
Let's see what we can do.
Let me try again.
Just play with it.
"The baby is a genius, isn't she?"
The first one was a baby.
Their abilities are so powerful.
The diner's become this way.
"( This is torture, this is strange.)"
Everyone has a good sense of humor.
It's a wonderful thing.
Do you have a minute?
( Laughs) Okay.
That's what we're broadcasting.
It was decided to be white or black.
You can be seated at any time.
That's not important.
Should I talk to him?
And their knowledge helped.
Thank you for your time.
Then why is this important?
That's what makes you want something.
Can you believe that?
How in the hell did that get down?
"So, what happened in the end?"
The goal is already at hand.
That's a touching thought.
It's half full.
It's worth 32 billion people.
I don't know how it works.
I'll explain.
But the result was excellent.
Five shops opened... five shops opened...
Here's a picture.
We don't need to go into space anymore.
There's no need to be upset.
They're just robots.
And he's sick.
Myall forms around the oil.
I'm one of them.
I've made it.
Do you remember the oil we talked about earlier?
But let's keep going.
So I figured it out.
The laser light is different.
I'm sure it'll help.
Let's talk about the big vision that I have.
So is there a fatal flaw?
You're gonna have to start getting ready.
Thank you very much.
They're spreading the deブリ.
The black hole keeps at it.
It might have sounded.
I can't hear you.
Here on Earth is our life.
Thank you.
"I mean, human security."
Protecting the tigers.
The mother was Myred's sister.
And then there's Rigovelta Menchun.
Grab it with your hands.
She started singing.
We're all refugees.
Her name's Saひna YakuBI.
She's even more civilized.
He was happy.
Thank you very much.
"Thank you, thank you."
They're not happy about marriage.
The child was considered an financial asset.
I'm glad that happened.
I made two prototypes.
That's what this is.
I'm not remotely controlling it.
There we go!
It's all in the ads.
The first woman is a light woman.
"babies, puppy, kittens."
He doesn't even have a face.
She's pretty.
From chaos to order.
This is an infinite journey.
Really?
The chickens are green.
My favorite.
chaos and order.
I hope the footage's in order.
I'm sorry.
Are you sick?
I've been filming about 325 patterns.
It was far from done.
Its numbers have gone on and on as far as the eye can see.
"This is Benjamin, 80 years old."
I've seen it over and over again.
He asked me to be an  behind-the- road act.
It took me a while to get here.
This is a terrible thing.
And then we'll go.
It's all about passion.
I'm like a fridge.
The reef is a safeguard.
The reef is an artist.
I'll change it from here.
I don't know what to do.
All the people must be joined.
I did it.
How?
Will firecrackers really be needed?
Because there's no biological solution.
It's a waste.
And the biological rate is very high.
But what about the power of nature?
What's an open hardware?
"So, what's the plan?"
It's the reason I'm here.
What's a charming body?
How are you?
Give me your head straight.
It's about organized crime.
Where are they going?
Let's take Mexico for example.
They'll break into our bank accounts.
Yes?
That's why I started collecting data.
It's really amazing.
"In fact, it's very hot."
"Of course, there's a temperature."
What is this?
He was his grandfather.
I've had my right eyeball surgery.
My eyesight was pretty bad.
"Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on."
( Laughs like this if you're going to use a three-ffled object...
(Crowd sounds)
"Good wave, good break."
"Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on."
I can't stop shaking.
But there was a problem.
"And at the end of the day, what about medical insurance?"
"It was supposed to collapse the economy, but nothing happened."
Thank you for your time.
It's worth three things. It's worth the sound. It's worth giving the guests something.
medical care requires a lot of time.
Who do you fear?
Ignoring skin color is a false ideal.
Okay.
Who's in your social circle
I'm sorry.
Looks like you figured it out.
"John, each of these things should be made for a purpose."
( Laughing ) Look at this.
Its intentions can completely change the situation.
"It's like an accident I've had, and it's come from nowhere."
"I wonder what happened in this time, when everyone was looking for answers to a question."
We need a purpose to live.
I need a designer for the real world.
"And then I think,"
Do you know the difference?
You're here.
You have no idea what you're talking about.
Thank you.
And you can't even quit your job.
Let me show you what we're doing.
This is the footage we took.
Then I found it.
I can walk around the room.
And this is my home.
"First of all, you're on TV."
There are two things that bother me.
You must have been pretty surprised to see it differently.
"Well, here's the key!"
What kind of decision?
It's not going to last.
The natural gas has a fair price for ounces.
And now he owns the stock.
You're right.
I was just kidding.
"Two days, two worlds, two worlds."
"And this, too, is being transferred."
We were so excited.
I've been experimenting on it.
It'll take years to complete.
We've all been artists since we were born.
"As it grows, the story grows."
But I don't care about the kids.
I'm not tired of playing.
What about the crows?
I think so.
So what do we do?
That's right.
It's a demon.
art is the ultimate goal.
I'm touched.
Ricky Noh.
So what's the music now?
That's why we started the game.
But I felt something was wrong.
It's the same as asking a terrible favor.
Resistance is one of them.
It's a trade market.
So what's the real threat to humanity?
It's what everyone has.
I'm really sorry it happened.
That's how powerful people become powerful with help.
Look at this. The ladder is on a first-level level.
Let's say I'm a farmer who catches fish.
More productive.
"If it's a way of making a phone,"
I've been thinking about networking the cell tower.
She said no to me everywhere.
Is it costly to provide services to the poor?
Can't they help us without education?
A lot of people learned how to use a phone in one day.
I don't know how it's going to work yet.
Same thing happens in my office.
"Come on, demons."
There's another way to find out.
The secrets have also been discovered.
Fight or surrender.
What time did you give up?
No one died because of it.
"But to do that, you need to be trained."
Then how do you deal with your fear?
I always tell myself.
Fear is a child.
Then make a plan.
You don't believe that?
Hermione has been summoned to court in London.
There's a huge market.
"It's a 10,000-point order."
I don't think there's a chance.
This is James risen.
It's a really great story.
We're soaked in the sea of news.
One company.
This is what?
There are many questions.
So I asked you a question.
Do you understand?
"Actually, there's a problem."
And... nothing.
"Still, we're going this way."
The birth is in the interest of the public.
This pay-as-you-go birth leave should be in the hands of the state.
This is an American matter.
The change in the environment is slow.
Running patterns.
He's closing in.
You have three seconds.
Let's look at two examples.
I hope you all have a good hearing.
"Even so, people came forward willingly to cooperate."
I'm just saying that there are better conclusions now.
This is an unexpected event.
It's getting more serious.
It's about 5 meters long.
"The whole arm, no shoulder joints."
A combination of those things.
I'm gonna bite your nose.
I'm completely trapped.
"Yeah, well, there's also health care in the bee community."
I've discovered that this property is a natural disもいいs-- antibiotics.
What's going on?
"They stopped planting interspecies, such as clover, alpha and other."
And there's a problem with the bug.
"I'm called the Balloadeni, by the way."
It's becoming more and more dangerous.
The orders are different.
That's where I was drawn attention.
Let me give you an example.
The solution is interconnected.
It's how they work together.
Who's going to carry that burden?
There's nothing you can do.
We're going to need a political solution.
This is Tahoe Square.
Sometimes there's no other way.
"For example, public health."
It's not permanent.
I'm not saying we're making too much progress.
"I don't know if I can really do it, but I'll keep trying."
People show up.
Bicycles are picking up.
It felt great.
It's a small satellite.
It's an amazing discovery.
I think it means something.
Earth rising from the moon.
It's what drives scientific discoveries and technology.
Let's look at the angle.
"Hello, TEDwomen."
Would you like to hear a joke?
Thank you very much.
I've prepared a report.
An independent researcher found it.
It's my sister.
Sylvia Earle.
Thank you very much.
It's completely mysterious.
That's not possible.
So doesかしら.
Thank you very much.
Hello.
- music. - applause.
I'm so scared.
That's not enough.
I led Mayor livingston in London to the re-elect.
That's zero a month.
I mean...
They'll find us!
Will it happen again?
I'meverever.
It's about taking action.
It was an incredible surprise.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I broke her arm.
But Saひna is unconventional.
It made me nervous.
They have to negotiate.
What was the beginning of the Mowgli運動?
I pay taxes.
What do you think it was?
I want to be.
Do not judge any opinion.
"mathematics, microscopic equations."
"You're an old man, right?"
That's disgusting.
It's awkward.
It's hard.
How?
It was just a thing.
"Yeah, me, too."
Go ahead.
All right then.
Please change the color.
Maybe not.
It was considered impossible.
He was a popular man.
This is Jacky White's song.
The queen looked at me.
Because that's my right.
Why?
I'm going to have a baby.
I know a lot about women.
It happened at the women's clinic.
I'm sure that the reef is a peasants.
The reef is a chemist.
Thank you very much.
They all learned that.
It's not just running around.
What happened after that?
That's the difference.
Maybe it's just these memories.
Fireマン's romance is dangerous.
Promise. Bye.
At least for a bit of pleasure now.
Thank you very much.
The first one is the source.
Then why do you use a fungal?
Because it takes a lot of force.
They don't call me a disability.
It's really weird.
I never touched you.
And the reブル.
Thank you very much.
Let's get started.
You're all human.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
A view completely changed by the humans.
Everything is efficient.
Why?
I need an active system.
Our parasols are one of them.
And then it'll change again.
Just that you're blind.
She was scared.
They'll make fun of me.
It's hard to get involved in.
It smells like burnt flesh.
I don't see another one.
You can do this.
Four times.
It's a type that's been cut since the beginning.
It's very cold.
Thank you.
Isn't that cool?
The抜's stronger in terms of increases in defense costs than in the party.
"No, this is ours."
What do you think?
What we need is real people.
The pilots are fine.
It's my custom.
It's a man. It's a base figure.
Who's your standard?
Who are you counting on?
I'm not a very good comedian.
The difference is the intention.
It changes the way people treat you.
That was really nice. I could have bought this.
What are we going to do in front of the mess we created?
That's not going to happen.
"Look around the world, pick one place."
Debbie's from Florida.
He's from Syria.
It doesn't exist.
Broad bands aren't necessary.
Thank you.
That's where I am.
I'll look into it.
( balls ringing) Wow.
Here's how it works.
We even heal people like that.
Thank you.
I'm going to come out.
It's a命 inside.
This is my home.
They're really good people.
And that's the emotional collector.
I'm sure.
It's not permanent.
They're active all over the place.
"To me, it's life."
I hope so.
Do you think this is a good story?
How about this?
But there's no problem.
That's the word.
This is a tree.
This is Mr. Mountain.
I'll be able to get to know him.
Bill was different.
Because it was my own experience.
Thank you.
"I mean, it's useless and it's useless."
I wish.
It's a work of carrying a roll of carrying a roll of carrying.
Locked up in a cage.
That's our tragedy.
The young man's name is Jared.
Because there's a truth to it.
We're already in it.
This is my collection.
Are we gonna be okay today?
It's possible.
The virus will be defeated.
Almost nothing has changed.
Thank you.
Thank you.
This is my desk.
We're almost there.
Thank you for your time.
That's my point of view. Let's begin my story.
I'm starting to deal with this.
Your ability to do that has improved.
"Well, what's more effective?"
I'm a grown man.
It's been quiet around here.
Thank you very much.
What about global politics?
"It's very interesting, isn't it?"
It's about New York.
We've got more work to do.
That's my first story.
These are not choices.
What about the baby?
I'm starting to lose weight.
Do you remember a figure named悩gre?
It's what everyone's agreed to now.
Coke is everywhere.
I need some water.
It wasまさに chaos.
The audience.
Calm down.
Yeah.
Because it's a business secret.
There was a storm.
No one knew.
And what about us?
I've seen it connect culture to culture.
I've spent a lot of time. Why?
Hello.
All that's in there is an insecure.
It's a lot of women.
Like a revolutionary.
puzzles and magic.
This is a matter of attention.
Well...
Okay.
It'll be more interesting.
There's more.
Look at the other footage.
I'm trying to get over the heat.
Come on.
Welcome toバーgain.
He's a charismatic being.
15 seconds.
This is insane.
Can you imagine?
Surprising's important.
No.
My God!
What?
No.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh!
Whoa!
Sure.
That's nice.
Why?
How did that happen?
He's very creative.
Who's to judge?
That's very impressive.
Inバーbery?
Thank you very much.
Good wave.
Again.
We need more than that.
Anyone?
It was an act of will.
A wheelchair has its own personality.
Oh.
"First of all, it's the financial reasons."
"And secondly, the reason I'm here."
Your class is free.
How about this?
I bought this.
Anyway.
It's still going on.
Twelve ships.
Will this continue?
It's over.
It's your problem.
It's happening.
Are you ready?
Japanese.
"Anyway, I'm shocked."
They should be happy.
The children are playing art.
It's Duown's.
Just give me a chance!
Here you go.
It's a sneaker.
It's an exclusive market.
The collector loves Air Jordan.
Why is that?
How did that turn out?
The ideas like the Internet have spread easily.
Thank you.
You're using a force that outweighs you.
United States government.
Quiet is fine.
"Hello, everyone."
What's the answer?
Protect the farm.
They're all here to shoot.
I'll keep my distance from my colleagues.
It's outdated.
Are you a shareholder or a businessman?
We're going to remove the floor between them.
We'll have to cooperate.
This changes everything.
He was naked.
Can I say he's filming?
She's very cool.
He's Nadir.
They screamed.
I was lucky.
First thing in the first place.
But why do we have to go to Africa?
Africa will rise.
This is the progress.
I live in America.
There is power in stories.
It's the nose water.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It's pretty basic.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
How lucky you are.
I was told there was no room.
It's a very interesting page.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Good morning.
I'm not.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Not necessarily.
I'll admit it.
Thank you.
Let's paint it big.
Thank you.
I thought it was a good plan.
It's my size.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
It's a cost-performance analysis.
Thank you.
And poetry is important.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Good evening.
I see animals.
Why Kermit?
Thank you.
Right here.
Thank you.
Wake up.
This way.
Come here.
I need this.
Come here.
Thank you.
Let's go see Debbie.
I'll see what I can do.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It's really amazing.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
What happened?
The sun.
The moon.
Cheers.
Cheers.
Cheers.
Cheers.
Cheers.
Cheers.
Do you know who that is?
Cheers.
Cheers.
Cheers.
Cheers.
Cheers.
Cheers.
Cheers.
Cheers.
