Man, these guys are tough.
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God, it's the s'mores.
And now, a young woman who gets right to the point, my sister, Roberta Tubbs.
Rebecca, I'm... I'm gonna cut to the chase.
But I agree with Gina's "go get an egg cooked" idea.
I told him to get an egg cooked.
We will call a spade a spade.
I call a spade a spade...
I got a lot of work to do.
You've got your work cut out for you.
I'd do it myself, but I have two left hands.
Sally, you have two left hands tonight.
I'll get the banana.
It's a banana-covered isotope.
"I'm feeling down because of you.
I was feeling down, and I said something in my tongue.
Every time I think about the day we met, I get goose bumps.
I got goose bumps, Andie.
Had the heart on his hand.
Her heart's in the right place.
Great, I'm starving.
That's why I smoke.
I'm starving, though.
His parents were too lazy to call him Bob?
I don't know whether to go out or not.
Now I'm hungover.
I'm hungover because of you.
Leave me alone, I'm hungover.
Okay, you got the potato.
- Yeah, I was hungry.
I've got potatoes this morning.
We've got potatoes!
All of a sudden, you feel good?
Rockets are on fire.
You bite off more than you can chew, my friend.
She thinks we bite off more than we can chew.
And I didn't get a chance to tell you because we had other things to worry about.
Right now, we've got other things to worry about.
I must have had a cat in my throat.
- You have a cat in your throat!
When I say her name, it's like I have a cat in my throat.
I don't know, I fell in love at first sight.
I haven't had a crush since Sean Cassidy.
He wouldn't have testified because he was scared to death of Donovan.
He's scared to death of you.
And as you know, you have to beat the iron while it's hot.
They want the capital on the ad that the Post produces, we have to beat the iron while it's hot.
What was the company that David Clarke was laundering money for?
You're laundering money for him.
She started drinking like a fish.
You must have been drinking like hell.
So it's none of your business, okay?
It's none of my business, of course, but now that Victor has one,
We're looking for the little beast?
Oh, Veronica, that's what it's called.
It was love at first sight.
It's love at first sight.
But it's costing a fortune.
You know, the two kids are in St. Margaret's now, and it's costing us a fortune.
I can't sleep, I'm starving.
Yeah, I'm starving.
He gave up his tongue.
- I give up.
I've had it, I've had it, I've had it, I've had it, I've had it.
I was tired of your nonsense.
I've had it, haven't you?
I'm sick and tired of you always making a mess and I have to clean up afterwards.
I'm sick of it!
I'm sick of this job.
And I don't give a shit.
And even if you're fucking with me right now, I don't give a shit!
Honey, I thought you didn't care about that tree.
But I don't care about the details!
I don't give a fuck about your money and your powerful friends, Gartley.
Anyway, I don't give a fuck.
Why are you making such a big deal about this?
I don't know why she's making such a big deal about it.
It would be up to him to listen to me, to learn from me.
You could have learned something.
Well, at the risk of breaking in an open door, it's over.
It's like I'm breaking down an open door over and over again.
Be careful, Lindsey, keep an eye on them.
Watch out, bird!
I wish they'd stop being stupid.
You know, if kids are being stupid, you can kick them in the face.
Now, you sleep it off.
Well, if that's all it is, you can sleep late tomorrow.
I'm going to the Fourth of July bridge, and I'm staying three days.
I thought I could keep my mouth shut.
At least she could listen to the screams.
How much longer are you gonna be mad at me?
Are you mad at me?
He gave me a fish tail.
This guy gave me a fish tail.
It'd be a big hit.
It'd be a big hit.
22 people sneaking off, can you imagine?
I'm gonna sneak out so I don't spoil the party.
Wow, it's cold as hell.
I'd already wasted the money I got when I got out, and with this wind, it was cold as hell.
You have to suffer to be beautiful, darling.
Mom says you have to suffer to be beautiful.
There wasn't a cat around.
There's no cat here!
We throw money out the window.
Your mother's throwing money away.
I don't want to throw the baby out with the bath water.
We should throw in the towel.
- What do you mean, you're throwing in the towel?
- So, you want me to take a look?
I should go check on the people at the station.
I can barely make ends meet.
Look, we work 70 hours a week to make ends meet.
Oh, boy. Carrots are cooked.
The carrots are cooked and served.
They'll come up to us with their fingers in their noses.
It's a no-brainer, man.
You should see how Will goes through the exams with his fingers in his nose.
The end of the beans!
Latin beans!
That was the last straw.
Well, that's the last straw.
"The clothes don't make the man."
- Yes, clothes don't make you a monk.
I don't like to see you eat on your thumb.
I ate on my thumb.
Well, with all due respect, let's assume that you're right and Drake is a spy...
Maybe you could put your head in the game.
"I'll sleep with him Tuesday and Thursday and he won't even notice."
You can't see a thing.
My fuel went up in smoke.
If you don't, I swear to God, this little Ewok's gonna go up in flames!
You know, Dad, on second thought, the honey industry is not my cup of tea.
As the English say, "It wasn't my cup of tea."
I'm going from rooster to donkey, and I may be nosy, but what's that noise?
I'm waiting for him to pass the gun on the left.
What's he gonna inherit when his parents take the fall?
In other words, cold wars are like cat pee.
That's you cat pee.
But it's cat pee!
And this is cat pee?
I work my ass off to get them adopted, and I cry like a baby when they leave.
Yeah, I was crying like a baby, but I'm done crying.
It's starting to rain a lot, Jack.
Run, it's raining like hell.
She's never gonna talk to me again if I stand her up.
And for the third time in a row, you stood me up.
I know he's here, and it's pissing me off.
You give me a hard time when I'm working on this?
Take your clicks and your slams and walk away.
Taking up her courage to tell foreplay that she'd taken a vow of chastity was harder than he thought.
Mike took up a lot of courage to go see his brother.
Run for your lives.
- Run like hell!
She's out of control.
I'm always worried that you'll go crazy and kill him...
Yeah, but what you don't realize when the cat's away, the mice are dancing.
You can do that for me when pigs fly.
But she'll be happy to call you back when pigs fly.
Something's not right.
Is there something wrong with me?
You think I'm full of shit?
He told us some bullshit, then he drugged us and locked us in a fridge.
Tell her to bring her strawberry here.
It's a little late for your vagina to get her strawberry back.
"The ones who die never recover."
Yeah, he just died.
But I'm about to die.
Let's get down to business. Let's talk about your foster parents.
Well, if we could just get back to business.
They look like they're rolling in money.
The audience sees me as a woman, ambitious, determined, predisposed to roll over gold.
We can't afford to be confused by a new flute player whose only interest is to make money.
I mean, gun possession is how they get their pockets full.
-We're gonna get laid!
People would love to see those two nerds get laid.
Come on, Lois, we could have sex in the backyard here.
We're not having sex in my wife's bed.
A truck to cheer up girls who just got dumped.
That's what I do when I get dumped.
Are we going to fall for it?
We throw ourselves into the lion's den while you stand here, out of danger!
I'm getting dressed up and I'm going to a funeral.
He'd get all dressed up, pick up a suitcase.
Because it's not your idea, and Matt's drowning in a glass of water, so it must be Caroline's.
This whole city is drowning in a glass of water.
She better mind her own business.
Tell your lover to mind his own business.
People mind their own business.
I just got used to tightening my seat belt.
It's a tough time, we all have to tighten our belts.
It sells like hot cakes on the Internet.
These loyalty doughnuts are selling like hot cakes.
The book sells like hot cakes.
It smells like a tree, man.
When they come out, it smells like a tree.
For our friend the Bandit It smelled like a tree
It's not something you do on a whim. Think about it.
Looks like you didn't come here on a whim.
I was just calling to let you know what's going on.
So the police can keep us up to speed on the investigation.
No, I'm not falling for that again.
Do you really think I'm gonna fall for that?
My only break is when she holds her breath and passes out.
Oh, no, no, I faint at the sight of a vagina.
My client is ready to move on.
No... let's move on.
They'll congratulate each other and move on.
You need to move on.
This could go south in case of a bombing.
When things go wrong, the first reaction is to deny it.
That's right.
That's just like her.
They bought it for nothing.
MacGyver, Khan would sell you for a small price, you know that?
- Need a hand?
- Hey, you need a hand?
He's helping out with the suppliers and...
It was cold as a duck.
It must be cold as hell in Joliet.
It's like the old saying, you shouldn't sell the skin of a bear before you kill it.
Don't sell the skin of the bear before you kill it.
Something bad is good.
The circumstances are unfortunate, but something bad is good.
It'll cost you an arm to fix them.
Oh, yeah, sure, we can cure her, except it costs an arm to save an eye.
I mean, too much work... to make it work.
After a lot of studies, we came up with the same thing as parents, to know that it works with a good teacher and that it doesn't work when the teacher's bad.
Everyone does something that helps them feel good about themselves.
I know you're worried, but I feel good about myself, and you want it to last.
You're hot.
And by the way, you're hot, too.
Either because she's hot or because she's the only girl in the group, but either way, I'm crazy about her.
That's why I'm tired!
You're tired after this trip.
The alarm's ringing, you're up early, you're tired, you're drunk.
I'm out of my mind today.
You're in the moon, Frank!
He's doing it, he's breaking down the door.
That's what you want, right?
No, but we'll be the joke.
- He's the joke.
- You're in bad shape.
Your patient is in bad shape.
You're red as a tomato.
Don't come crying when you're red as a crayfish.
He's been good as gold.
I'll be good as gold!
She was all dressed up. It's a little early for a club.
You're all dressed up.
You're out of your mind.
You're out of your mind today.
I feel like I'm out of my mind.
Yeah, I heard you, but I'd rather forget what you said because you're in the west.
My guys are all over it.
I'm all set.
Holy cow!
Oh, my God!
Insult them as hippies and cut to the chase.
Well, you got right to the point with that one.
Honey, sometimes it's best not to cut to the chase.
I'm tired of playing cat and mouse, and I have Faith for that, so let's cut to the chase.
This year, she can have an egg cooked.
And as for Mrs. Moz, tell her to go get an egg cooked.
Wait, let's... let's call a spade a spade.
I'm willing to call a spade a spade, to deter generations today and tomorrow.
Let's call a spade a spade.
I'm coming in like a hair on the soup, but I thought I should come and tell you the news, personally.
It just happens like hair on the soup, that's all.
Vanessa showed up like a hair on the soup.
I got a lot of work to do.
You've got your work cut out for you.
Look, I know you got your work cut out for you, but my parents can't stand you and my cousin is...
Sometimes I have two left hands.
You have two left hands!
I must have two left hands.
People must get the bananas when they see you.
I get the banana when I'm with her.
They're gonna get the banana.
Yeah, no problem.
- You're upset too?
I hate Sundays here.
She's tired of the war, tired of being alone, waiting for her man to come back.
I had goose bumps all night.
I got goose bumps.
Look, I got goose bumps.
Man, I got goose bumps.
Mitsuko and Joe have a good heart.
It's okay, you can have your heart on your hand
Well, you know, a lot of people have hearts on their hands.
I'm starving.
Come on, I'm starving.
I'm tired of reading subtitles.
His parents were too lazy to call him Bob?
I was too lazy.
You're hungover.
- Of course I'm hungover.
I've got potatoes!
I feel like shit.
I'm so excited.
You're looking good, huh?
You're too eager to impress, you're biting off more than you can chew.
This is what happens when you bite off more than you can chew, Pat.
My eyes were bigger than my stomach.
We've got bigger problems.
Come on, we've got bigger fish.
We've got bigger problems to deal with.
I had a cat in my throat.
He's got a cat in his throat.
Meg was telling her to slow down, but she fell in love at first sight.
So did I, but we didn't fall in love at first sight.
To fall in love at first sight is to feel true love.
My name's Sydney White, my dad's a plumber, and I collect comic books, and I'm scared to death of balloon animals.
The other half is scared to death of him.
You've forgotten, I'm a powerful man in the city and I'm scared to death of pigeons.
He's got a hair in his hand.
Especially those with hair in their hand, they prefer to sit and eat fruit.
And you, too, my dear, you could help, but you have a hair in your hand.
Let's beat the iron while it's hot.
You have to beat the iron while it's hot.
- Let's beat the iron while it's hot!
- He could be laundering money.
Very convenient for laundering money as a big coke dealer.
On the right, it's a holding company used by passing money to money laundering.
"You fucking bitch, stop drinking so much at lunch.
They drink like shit.
He started drinking like a fish.
Millie won't be shocked to see someone drinking.
A couple of stockbrokers came in for a drink.
Come have a drink tonight.
And besides, I hate breaking sugar on someone's back.
And that's none of your business, either.
- It's none of your business.
Look, whatever feelings you had while your friend was alive, it's none of my business.
I think that's the end of the beans for the motor car.
It's the end of the beans.
Mr. Hardigan... he told you that?
They switched to a cream shop to hide.
You don't have to say that. "Crying cat is afraid of cold water."
Whipped cats are afraid of cold water.
Warmed cat's afraid of cold water, huh?
Now it's the guy who's looking for the little beast.
I'm showing you something amazing, and you're looking for something.
They're just trying to find a way to make sure nothing goes wrong.
You watched Notting Hill Love for me?
Do you think that girl, that bitch, saw Eric, she flashed, like, love at first sight?
Barbara fell in love at first sight with a picture of you in People magazine.
It's costing me a fortune.
It cost me a fortune.
It's outdated and expensive.
Even if it costs me a fortune to pay for his education, I thank God I can still have a drink.
We're starving.
I'm starving.
An hour later, you're starving.
Fighting this guy is giving jam to pigs!
It's like giving jam to pigs, right?
And he spent his whole life giving jam to pigs.
Have you given up your tongue?
I give up.
- I give up, James.
He loves lollipops and he's tired of holding six at a time?
I'm tired of being under this sun... talking to a bold dictator.
She's tired of me smelling like Idoform.
I don't fucking care, I'm sick of it!
It's nobody's fault.
We're getting sick of each other.
I've had it up to here. I've had it up to here.
I'm sick of your paranormal phenomenon.
She was sick of you.
I'm sick of being here, I want to go home.
I'm tired of being here when my friends are there, and I can't tell anyone.
I'm hot, and I'm sick of it.
The bastards out there don't give a shit about us!
I told you she didn't give a shit about me.
I don't give a shit!"
I don't care about living the next two hours.
And the police didn't care.
Instead of hitting them like you don't care.
"I don't give a shit aboutmax!" Perfect!
Do what you want. I don't give a fuck.
I don't give a fuck.
If you're lonely, like nobody gives a shit about you... and the whole world gives a shit, I'm here.
Why does it have to be such a big deal?
That stupid ring your family's making such a big deal about?
Yeah, well, let's not make a big deal about it.
Your team could learn something.
I should learn something.
- Yeah, you should learn something.
You're breaking in an open door.
It's like breaking down an open door, but, okay...
- I'd watch my ass if I were you.
Watch your step, I've ruined everything.
Watch out for the houses!
Be careful, I'm suctioning.
When we were kids, we thought Mom was being silly.
He made a fool of himself and now he's getting the fruit.
Why do you always think you have to play dumb?
I started sleeping late on Sunday mornings.
I'm gonna learn to relax, sleep late.
It's Saturday, and it's our day off so we can sleep late.
She's probably sleeping late in Jake's room.
How can you be so willing to turn a deaf ear to those who suffer on a map?
And she didn't listen.
You'll talk to the council, but he won't listen.
You're pouting.
You decided to be mad at me, didn't you?
Yeah, that's right, I think you've been doing the nonstop head-to-head thing, maybe.
You gave me a fish tail.
One day, a guy made Pinker a fish tail.
He gave you a fish tail on the highway.
I'd be a big hit with a video camera car.
He worked for a year, and when he got back, he was a hit.
You could be a big hit.
Why did you run off like that?
Did you sneak out?
He ran away the hard way.
And it ends in a fish tail.
The investigation could end in a fish tail.
- It's cold as hell.
It's cold as hell.
It's cold as hell in here.
You have to suffer to be beautiful.
You have to suffer to be beautiful.
You have to suffer to be beautiful!
At 4:00 a.m., on the roads of Albuquerque, there is no cat.
There was no cat, so I ordered a cocktail.
There won't be a cat unless the players come with mice.
That'll teach him to throw money away!
You've spent your whole life burning up, throwing money out the window.
We solve problems by throwing money out the window?
Well, if you're gonna throw the baby out with the bath water...
It's getting interesting to start, but no one throws the baby out with bath water, and I think it's very important, to keep faith in science.
We threw the baby out with the bath water.
The doctor threw in the towel on the 6th floor.
You think I'm gonna throw in the towel?
His last blood pressure is 70, but Bailey won't throw in the towel.
I came back with some medical coolers, a sealed container, but, one time, I took a look.
Mind if we take a look?
Let me just take a look.
Poor guy's been having a hard time making ends meet lately.
How am I gonna make ends meet?
It's hard to make ends meet, but it's even harder to save.
If one of them convinces them to be martyrs and accept the 30 days, the carrots are cooked.
You're thinking, "The carrots are cooked!
If that's what you want, that's fine.
I'd think I got there with my fingers up my ass and I'd regret it.
It's not the end of the beans.
It's not the end of the beans...
It's not the end of the beans.
You know, the last straw.
For Fox, that was the last straw.
That's the last straw. That's the last straw.
The clothes don't make you a monk.
- The clothes don't make the man.
The clothes don't make the man, do they, guys?
I ate on my thumb.
Instead, I ate on my thumb and went to an amateur show in the city.
Are there any snacks on the thumb?
He said it was a deposition, but I think he's trying to lure someone onto the road.
It puts a lot of pressure on my life.
I'm putting a lot of spice in your lives, and you're always complaining.
It puts a lot of pressure on our love life.
But in your case, I think it would be wise to put the chariot before the beef, so to speak.
Without putting the chariot before the beef, what will happen if I succeed?
I put the chariot before the beef.
He put in enough of his salt when we were writing the speech...
You wanna put in your little bit of salt?
So you have to come to me when you want to put your head down.
I'm supposed to hate them, not have my tongue in my pocket.
If you're smart, they can't see a thing.
She won't know the difference.
He was going after a poor girl who couldn't see a thing.
We didn't raise pigs together!
- Everything but prison will go up in flames.
There's no pleasure in watching pride go up in flames.
All of it, up in flames.
It was going up in flames.
I mean, he's been making bed bugs for the last few years, and modern countryside isn't his cup of tea.
Your movies aren't my cup of tea.
Guarding isn't my cup of tea either.
In a matter of minutes, you go from rooster to donkey?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
He seems to be going from rooster to donkey.
Did you finally get the hang of it?
A normal guy would have dropped the gun and died.
I thought... he passed away.
It's all right. Little by little, the bird makes its nest.
Little by little, the bird makes its nest.
Little by little, the bird makes its nest.
You've heard a lot of voices... but compared to me, it's cat pee.
I look at him, and Mr. Beau-Gosse here cries like a baby.
She even cried like a baby because she missed him. It's not like I didn't use Hye Ri.
One year, he brought me a barbeque and I cried like a baby.
You think Elliot's crying his eyes out?
The last time I saw you... you were crying like a baby.
It's raining like hell, and he wants to fuck.
It's raining like hell.
Yeah, it was pouring.
It's easy to clean someone out.
I stood you up.
You stand me up and all you say is "sorry"?
Are you blowing your sister off?
It'd be like standing someone up at the prom.
You stood someone up recently?
I'd like to eat without being pushed around.
He grabbed the head and ran for the fence.
Savage takes the lead for Ang jours!
You're getting all worked up.
Sarah's getting in your head.
Take your clicks and your slams and go to Paris.
Take your buttons and your slams and go.
So I grabbed my buttons and slammed my head and ran like a lost man!
I'm getting my courage up.
So she took up all her courage to be the mature college girl.
When he showed up, I took up my courage to bring it up.
You see a rat, and you run like hell?
I ran as fast as I could.
And you ran like hell.
I'm gonna lose it.
Are you out of your fucking mind, inmate?
All the clients give me one, and at night I lose it.
It's not his mother who's freaking out.
Randy's freaking out in there.
- Ethan, I'm freaking out because...
- When the cat's away, the mice will dance...
You know what they say, "When the cat's away, the mice will play."
Yeah, when pigs fly!
- When pigs fly.
- I'll leave my farm when pigs fly!
Not that there's anything wrong with your look.
When you're gay and you never see it in the movies, you think there's something wrong.
Rick, there's something wrong with the radio.
Yesterday, you didn't know it existed.
When you steal an egg, you steal an ox.
"Who steals an egg steals an ox"?
That doesn't give you the right to bullshit.
Wash your hands and stop lying.
My mom, she used to pinch me when I told a story.
Well... if he brings his strawberry, or if he calls...
Warwick brought his strawberry.
And who knows who's gonna bring his strawberry?
And we received a salty note for the commandeering of photos from a certain convention.
He's gonna get a salty note, huh?
'Cause if you must know, every now and then I get salty notes!
So, you finally gone, Batman?
Until she died.
All right, back to business.
Let's get back to business.
Let's get down to business.
I'm rolling in money, they're raring.
It's like we're rolling in money!
Your friend Reese is rolling in money now.
We don't give a shit about technology, we just want to make a shitload of money.
These gentlemen take it, put it in their pockets and forget about us.
He's got a lot of money in his pockets.
You had to leave the country because your roommate was fucking?
Imagine how many people are getting laid, man.
We're Matthew McCon Salute and Kate Hudson from the romantic comedies How to get dumped in 10 lessons.
"How do you get dumped in ten days?"
My ex-husband Coleman, who dumped me for a younger woman, just got dumped by a younger woman...
It's called throwing yourself into the lion's den.
It's time to go to the lion's den.
I wanted to know what it feels like to walk into a trap.
I dressed up like we had the means.
But I'm gonna try and dress up.
On Mother's Day, people dress up.
You drown in a glass of water.
He drowns in a glass of water.
Let him mind his own business!
I hope your bunch of nosy bastards learn to mind their own business.
Let her get hurt.
Then I get hit in the head, I guess.
But I'm not used to getting hit in the head.
We can tighten our belts.
With the crisis, the C.O. wants us to tighten our belts.
We'll have to tighten our belts for a month or two.
I keep track of what my clients buy, and those sell like hot cakes.
Put it in your book, it'll sell like hot cakes.
- He smells like a tree!
If Colleen left on a whim, she didn't take much with her.
Look, I know this is annoying, and even though it sounds like I'm doing this on a whim, which I am, there's a reason for my insanity.
She didn't just attack Tom on a whim because she heard you and your wife fighting.
It's a big investigation; the assistant director needs to know that he'll be kept up to speed, so...
I'm not thrilled to hear this, but we have to keep up.
They want to take notes, keep up, but if it came out in their faces, they wouldn't be responsible.
We'll take a look and let you know.
I'll keep you posted, let you know if it works.
No, I've pleaded too many cases to fall for it.
He fell for it!
I can't believe you fell for the tormented world sign.
And then I bumped into a streetlight... and I passed out.
He's gonna pass out.
First, you fainted.
You've moved on.
I know you need space, but you can't have it, because Alex is moving on.
I'm moving on.
I'm moving on, really, I'm working hard to move on.
After you left, things went south.
Okay, I listened to what you were telling me, and I didn't want the dinner to turn sour.
Which, face it, happens to the majority of Lorelai's relationships.
Is your relationship going to hell?
I'll kill you, just like his father.
That's just like me.
That's just like you.
Just because she married a sheriff doesn't mean she can drag someone through the mud like that.
Everybody wants to go to McMurdo for free.
Otherwise, by Friday, York will be able to buy O Bonjour for free and we'll have nothing left.
I won't give it up for a small price.
You guys are so good at finding stuff, maybe you could help out my partner.
She was helping out around the house and her dad at work.
You should be taking care of crippled Ben, he's fine.
- It's cold as a duck.
Cold as a duck.
It must be cold as hell right now.
One of yours is better than two.
She sells the skin of the bear before she kills him.
I don't want to count our chicks before they hatch.
Come on, I'll show you how crazy it is to sell the skin of a bear before you kill it.
Something bad is good.
Well, something bad is good.
Remember, "Something bad is good."
Please don't eat it, it costs an arm.
- It costs an arm and a leg.
It costs an arm.
"It's the fucking numbers, it's not working anymore!"
It's not working.
It's working.
It's going faster than I thought.
I'm tired of them lying to me, and I know it's never gonna work.
But I invested in making it work, but he didn't give a shit.
- You gotta be careful.
"You have to suffer to be beautiful." Try it, it's working.
If it doesn't work out, move on.
Maybe it'll work better if you help out.
We're trying to figure this out, but if it doesn't work out, you know what you have to do?
If you're baptizing, that's not how it works!
Whatever you're doing, it's working.
To help them feel good about themselves.
You help me rebuild, you help me feel good about myself.
The winner of the contest should just be a little girl who's having a beautiful time on stage, who's comfortable in her skin, who likes to be on stage and trusting, and that's really it.
I bet she's hot.
He's hot.
Are you saying your sister's hot?
My client was tired.
I'm tired.
I'm tired, I'm starving and I have a headache!
All I have to do is starve for a week... and I get back to the hell life I used to have?
- I'm tired, I'm tired.
I'm tired, and I'm tired of this.
You're tired, you're healing.
We offer the sacrifice of blood. Are you in the moon or what?
- Stan, Stan, you're in the moon, huh?
Come on, you're in the moonlight.
He yawns, but not the suspect he's interrogating.
Are you making a sandwich or attracting a deer?
I didn't know it was so wrong to marry someone I loved, and not know that by marrying that person I'm so in love with, I was letting go of the entire gay community.
- We should be drinking.
Am I getting dumped?
Of course, at times, I was the joke, but nothing serious.
- And I was the joke.
But I married you, and I'm the joke.
The monster's in bad shape!
That's good, except your plant's in bad shape.
He was in bad shape.
He's red as a peach.
- You're red as a whistle.
You're red as a peach.
Yeah, you're red as a tomato.
Pudding was red as a tomato!
She didn't know any Max, but she was red as a tomato.
I was red as a crayfish.
Don't come crying when you're red as a crayfish.
He's wise as a whistle, this little Italian gentleman.
We're gonna be good as gold.
When I was good as gold.
- You're all dressed up.
He's all dressed up.
Why are you all dressed up?
He's a coward.
You're a coward!
His father said he was a coward.
I can't be in the oven and the windmill, and I can't do miracles.
We can't be in the oven and the windmill.
He's out of control!
Tomorrow, we're going to be all over the place, and I want a team in congress, and I want some special assignments.
"Last night, I met a hot, hot, hot, hot... and I'm on top of it, 'cause I might be fucking her."
Oh, my God, everyone's on fire today.
