Damn, those guys are tough.
Holy cow!
Oh, my God, it's the boys.
And now, a young woman who gets right to the point, my sister, Roberta Tubbs.
Rebecca, I'm... I'm gonna cut to the chase.
But I do agree with Gina's idea of "going to be cooked an egg."
I told him to go get an egg.
We'll call a cat a cat.
I call a cat a cat...
I got a lot of work to do.
You've got your work cut out for you.
I'd do it myself, but I have two left hands.
Sally, you have two left hands tonight.
I'll get the banana.
It's a banana-shaped isotope.
"You're making me nervous.
I was scared and I said something in my tongue.
Every time I think about the day we met, I get goose bumps.
I got goose bumps, Andie.
Had his heart on his hand.
She's got her heart on her hand.
Great, I'm starving.
That's why I smoke.
I'm hungry, though.
His parents were lazy enough to call him Bob?
I don't know whether to go out or not.
Now I'm hungover.
I'm hungover because of you.
Leave me alone, I'm hungover.
Okay, you got the potato.
- Yeah, I had the potato.
I have potatoes this morning.
We got potatoes!
Suddenly you're hungry?
The Rockets are doing great.
Your eyes are bigger than your stomach, my friend.
She thinks our eyes are bigger than our stomachs.
And I didn't get a chance to tell you because we had other things to worry about.
Right now, we've got bigger fish to worry about.
I must have had a cat in my throat.
- You have a cat in your throat!
When I say her name, it's like I have a cat in my throat.
I don't know. It was love at first sight.
I haven't had love at first sight since Sean Cassidy.
He wouldn't have testified because he was scared to death of Donovan.
He's scared to death of you.
And you know it, you have to beat the iron while it's hot.
They want the capital on the post ad, we have to beat the iron while it's hot.
What was the company David Clarke was laundering money for?
You're laundering money for him.
She started drinking like a fish.
You must have been drinking like hell.
So it's none of your business, okay?
It's none of my business, of course, but now that Victor has one,
Are we looking for the little beast?
Oh, Veronica, that's called looking for the little beast.
It was love at first sight.
It's love at first sight, it's harmless.
But it costs a lot of money.
You know, the two kids are at St. Margaret's now, and it's costing us our lives.
I can't sleep, I'm starving.
Yeah, I'm starving.
He gave the cat his tongue.
- I'm giving up on the cat.
I've had it, I've had it, I've had it with Napoleon Fourteen.
I was sick of your nonsense.
I'm sick of it, aren't you?
I'm sick and tired of you always making a mess and I have to clean up afterwards.
I'm sick of it!
I'm sick of this job.
And I don't give a shit.
And even if you're fucking with me right now, I don't give a shit!
Honey, I thought you didn't care about that tree.
But I don't care about the details!
I don't give a shit about your money and your powerful friends, Gartley.
Anyway, I don't give a shit.
Why are you making such a big deal about this?
I don't know why she's making such a big deal out of it.
It would be up to him to listen to me, to learn from me.
You could've learned something.
Well, at the risk of kicking in an open door, it's over.
It's like I'm kicking open a door over and over again.
Be careful Lindsey, keep an eye on them.
Watch out, bird!
I wish they'd stop being such idiots.
You know, if kids are being stupid, you can hit 'em in the face.
Listen, stay up all night.
Well, if that's all, you can sleep late tomorrow.
I'm going on the Fourth of July bridge, and I'm staying three days.
I thought I could keep my ear to the ground.
At least before, she could be deaf to screaming.
How much longer are you gonna be mad at me?
Are you mad at me?
He made me a fish tail.
This guy gave me a fish tail.
It'd be a big deal.
It'd be a big deal.
22 people running around in the English way, can you imagine?
I'm going to go out in the English way so I don't ruin the party.
Man, it's cold as hell out here.
I'd already wasted the money I got when I got out, and with this wind, it was cold as hell.
You have to suffer to be beautiful, darling.
Mom says you have to suffer to be beautiful.
There wasn't a cat around.
There's not a cat here!
We're throwing money away.
Your mother throws money away.
I don't want to throw the baby away with the bathwater.
We should throw in the towel.
- What do you mean, you're throwing in the towel?
- So you want me to take a look?
I should go take a look at some of the C.C.I. people.
I can barely make ends meet.
Look, we work 70 hours a week to make ends meet.
Oh, boy, the carrots are done.
Carrots are cooked and served.
They'll trace it back to us with their fingers in our noses.
It's a no-brainer, man.
You should see how Will spends his finals finger to finger.
The end of beans!
- "The end of beans."
It was the last straw.
Well, that's the last straw.
"The dress doesn't make the man."
Yes, clothes don't make you a monk.
I don't like seeing you eat on your thumb.
I ate on my thumb.
I don't want to put my foot down, but suppose you're right and Drake's a spy...
Maybe you could put in your grain of salt.
"I'll sleep with him Tuesday and Thursday and he'll never know."
You can't see a thing.
My fuel went up in smoke.
If you don't, I swear to God, that little Huhok's gonna go up in smoke!
You know, Dad, come to think of it, the honey industry is not my cup of tea.
As the English say, "It wasn't my cup of tea."
I'm going from rooster to rooster and maybe I'm being nosy, but what is that noise?
I'm waiting for him to put the gun to the left.
What's he gonna inherit when his parents put the gun to the left?
With involvements far beyond national security, the cold war is like cat pee.
This is you peeing cat.
But it's cat pee!
And this is cat pee?
I'm working so hard to get them adopted, and I'm crying like a baby when they leave.
Yes, I was crying my eyes out, but I'm done with the tears.
It's starting to rain, Jack.
Run, it's raining.
She's never gonna talk to me again if I stand her up.
And for the third time in a row, you stood me up.
I know he's here, and it's getting on my nerves.
Do you get mad at me when I'm working on this?
Take your clicks and clicks and walk away.
Taking her courage at two-handed hands to tell visiter-lady that she'd taken a vow of chastity was more difficult than he thought.
Mike took his courage with two hands to go to see his brother.
Hold your legs together.
- Get your legs together!
She freaked out.
I'm always afraid you'll freak out and kill him...
Yeah, but what you don't realize when the cat's not around, the mice are dancing.
You can do that for me when the chickens have teeth.
But she'll be happy to call you back when the chickens have teeth.
Something's not right.
Is there something wrong with me?
You think I'm full of shit?
He told us stories, then drugged us and locked us in a fridge.
Tell her to bring her strawberry here.
It's a little late for your vagina to be bringing in the strawberry.
"The ones who return the soul never recover."
Yeah, he just died.
But I'm about to die.
Let's get back to the sheep, talk about your foster parents.
Well, if we could just get back to our sheep.
Looks like they're on a roll.
The audience sees me as a woman, a woman who's ambitious, determined, predestinated to roll over the gold.
We can't afford to be confused by a new flute player whose only interests are getting into their pockets.
I mean, weapons possession is how they get their pockets full.
-We're gonna get laid!
People would love to see those two nerds get laid.
Come on, Lois, we could have sex in the yard here.
We're not having sex in my wife's bed.
A truck to cheer up the girls who just got dumped.
That's what I do when I get dumped.
Are we going to throw ourselves into the wolf's mouth?
We're throwing ourselves into the lion's den while you're out of danger!
I'm gonna get dressed and go to a funeral.
He'd get on his shirt, pick up a suitcase.
Because it's not your idea, and Matt's drowning in a glass of water, so it has to be Caroline's.
This whole town is drowning in a glass of water.
She'd better mind her own business.
Tell your lover to mind his own business.
People mind their own business.
I just got used to tightening my belt.
These are tough times, and we all have to tighten our belts.
It sells like rolls on the Internet.
These Loyalty buns sell like rolls.
The book sells like rolls.
It smells like a tree, man.
When they come out, it smells like a tree.
For our friend the Bandit It smelled like a tree
It's not something you do on a whim. Think about it.
Looks like you didn't come here on a whim.
I was just calling to let you know what's going on.
So the police can keep us informed of the investigation.
No, I'm not falling for that again.
Do you really think I'm gonna fall for that?
My only break is when she holds her breath and falls apart.
Oh, no, no, I faint at the sight of a vagina.
My client is ready to move on.
No... let's move on.
They'll congratulate each other and move on.
You have to move on.
It could go to hell in case of a bombing.
When things get messy, the first reaction is to deny it.
That's right.
That's just like her.
They bought it for a bite of bread.
MacGyver, Khan would sell you out for a bite of bread, you know that?
- Need a hand?
- Hey, you need a hand?
He's helping out with the suppliers and...
It was cold as hell out there.
It must be cold as hell in Joliet.
As the old saying goes, you don't sell the skin of a bear until you've killed it.
Don't sell the bear's skin until you kill him.
Something bad is good.
The circumstances are unfortunate, but something bad is good.
It'll cost a fortune to rewrite them.
Oh, yeah, sure, we can cure her, except it costs an arm to save an eye.
I mean, too much work... to make it work.
After a lot of studying, we came up with the same thing parents do, that it works with a good teacher and that it doesn't work when the teacher's bad.
Everyone does something to make them feel good about themselves.
I know you're worried, but I'm fine under my own skin, and you want me to stay that way.
You're hot.
And by the way, you're hot, too.
Either because she's hot or because she's the only girl in the band, but either way, I'm crazy about her.
That's why I'm exhausted!
You're exhausted after this trip.
The alarm clock is ringing, you're up early, you're tired, you're knocked out.
I'm in the moon today.
You're in the moon, Frank!
He's doing it, he's breaking down the door.
That's what you want, ah?
No, but we'll be the turkeys in the prank.
- That's the turkey from the prank.
- You're in bad shape.
Your patient's in bad shape.
You're red as a tomato.
Don't come crying when you're red as a crayfish.
He's been a good boy.
I'll be a good girl!
It's a little early to be going clubbing.
You're all dressed up.
You're out of it.
You're out of your mind today.
I feel like I'm in the west.
Yeah, I heard you, but I'd rather forget what you said because you're so far west.
My guys are on top of it.
I'm on my way.
Holy cow!
Holy cow!
Insult them as hippies and get right to the point.
Well, you got right to the point with that one.
Honey, sometimes it's best not to cut to the chase.
I'm tired of playing cat and mouse, and I've got Faith for that.
This year, she can go get an egg.
As for Mrs. Forbes, tell her to go get an egg cooked.
Wait, let's be... let's call a cat a cat.
I'm willing to call a cat a cat, to deter generations from today and tomorrow.
Let's call a cat a cat.
Well, I'm coming in like a whiff of soup, but I thought I'd come by and give you the news, personally.
It just happens like a hair on the soup, that's all.
Vanessa came in like a hair on the soup.
I've got a lot of work to do.
You've got your work cut out for you.
Look, I know you've got your work cut out for you, but my parents can't stand you and my cousin is...
Sometimes I have two left hands.
You have two left hands!
I must have two left hands.
I'm sure people will feel the same way when they see you.
I get the banana when I'm with her.
They're gonna get the banana.
Oh, no problem.
- Are you scared too?
I hate Sundays here.
She's sick of war, tired of being alone, waiting for her man to come home.
I had goose bumps all night.
It gives me goose bumps.
Look, I've got goose bumps.
Oh, my God, I have goose bumps.
Mitsuko and Joe have their hearts on the line.
It's okay, you can have your heart on your hand
Well, you know what? I mean, you've got a heart on your hands.
I'm starving.
Come on, I'm starving.
I'm lazy reading subtitles.
His parents were lazy enough to call him Bob?
I got lazy.
You have a hangover.
- Of course I have a hangover.
I've got potatoes!
I can't take it anymore.
I'm so hungry.
You're feeling good, aren't you?
Your eyes are bigger than your stomach.
This is what happens when your eyes are bigger than your stomach, Pat.
My eyes were bigger than my stomach.
We got bigger fish to worry about.
Come on, we got bigger fish to worry about.
We got bigger fish to worry about.
I had a cat in my throat.
He's got a cat in his throat.
Meg was telling her to slow down, but she fell in love at first sight.
So did I, but we didn't have love at first sight.
To feel love at first sight is to feel true love.
My name is Sydney White, my dad's a plumber, I collect comic books and I'm scared to death of balloon animals.
The other half is scared to death of him.
You've forgotten, I'm an influence on K.K. and I'm scared to death of pigeons.
He's got a hair in his hand.
Especially those with a hair in their hand, they prefer to sit and eat fruit.
And you, my dear, could help, too, but you have a hair in your hand.
Let's beat the iron while it's hot.
You have to beat the iron while it's hot.
- Let's beat the iron while it's hot!
- He could be laundering money.
Pretty handy for laundering money as a big coke dealer.
On the right, it's a holding company that right now is using to launder money.
"Fuckin' bitch, stop drinkin' like a bitch at lunch.
They drink like hell.
He started drinking like a fish.
Millie won't be shocked to see someone get a drink.
A couple of stockbrokers came in for a drink.
Come and have a drink tonight.
And besides, I hate breaking sugar on someone's back.
And that's none of your business, either.
- It's none of your business.
Look, whatever feelings you had while your friend was alive, it's none of my business.
I think it's the end of the beans for the motorcycle.
It's the end of beans.
Did he tell you that?
They've switched to a cream factory to hide.
There's no need for that.
It's too hot to be afraid of cold water.
You're afraid of cold water, aren't you?
This is the guy who's looking for the little beast.
I show you something amazing, and you look for the little beast.
They're looking for the little beast, so nothing goes wrong.
You watched Notting Hill Love for me?
You think that girl saw Eric, she fell in love at first sight.
Barbara fell in love at first sight with a picture of you in People magazine.
It's costing me my head.
It cost me my life.
It's overwhelmingly expensive.
Even if it costs me my head to pay for college, I thank God I can have another drink.
We're starving.
I'm starving.
An hour later, you're starving.
Fighting this guy is like giving jam to pigs!
It's like giving jam to pigs, right?
And he spent his whole life giving jam to pigs.
Did you give the cat your tongue?
I give my tongue to the cat.
- I'm giving up, James.
He loves lollipops and he's tired of holding six at a time?
I'm sick of being in this sunshine... arguing with some high-stakes dictator.
She's sick and tired of me smelling like I'm idoforming.
I don't give a shit!
It's nobody's fault.
We're getting sick of each other.
I'm sick and tired of being on the job.
I'm sick and tired of your paranormal phenomenon.
She was sick of you.
I'm sick of being here, I want to go home.
I'm sick of being here when my friends are there.
No, I'm hot and I'm sick of it.
The bastards out there don't give a shit about us!
I told you she didn't give a shit about me.
I don't give a shit!"
I don't care about living the next two hours.
And the police didn't care.
Instead of running into them like you don't care.
"I don't give a shit what you do to him!" Perfect!
Do what you want, I don't give a shit.
I don't give a shit.
If you're lonely, like nobody gives a shit about you and the whole world doesn't give a shit, I'm here.
Why does it have to be such a big deal?
That stupid ring your family's making such a big deal out of?
Yeah, well, let's not make a big deal out of it.
Your team could learn something.
I should learn something.
- Yeah, you should learn something.
You're kicking in an open door.
It's like kicking in an open door, but, okay...
- I'd watch my ass if I were you.
Watch where you're going, I've ruined everything.
All of you, to the houses!
Be careful, I'm stitching up.
When we were kids, we thought Mom was being a jerk.
He made a fool of himself and now he's getting the fruit of it.
Why do you always think you have to be such a jerk?
I started sleeping late on Sunday mornings.
I'm gonna learn to relax. I'm gonna learn to sleep late.
It's Saturday, and it's our day off, so we're gonna be able to sleep through the night.
She's probably sleeping in Jake's room.
How can you agree to be deaf to those who suffer on a map?
And she didn't listen.
You'll talk to the council, but he won't listen.
You're upset.
You decided to be mad at me, didn't you?
Yeah, that's right, I think you've been doing the head-to-head thing all the time from '50 to '50 maybe.
You made me a fish tail.
One day, a guy made Pinker a fish tail.
He made you a fish tail on the highway.
I'd make a lot of money with a video camera bus.
He worked for a year, and when he came back, he was a hit.
You could be a big hit.
Why did you run off like that?
Did you run away from home?
He ran away.
And it ends up in a fish tail.
The investigation could end in a fish tail.
- It's cold as hell.
It's cold as hell.
It's cold as hell in here.
You have to suffer to be beautiful.
You have to suffer to be beautiful.
You have to suffer to be beautiful!
At 4:00 a.m., on the roads to Albuquerque, there's not a cat.
There wasn't a cat, so I ordered a cocktail.
There won't be a cat unless the players come with mice.
That'll teach him to throw money away!
You've spent your whole life burning, throwing money away.
Do we solve problems by throwing money away?
Well, if you're gonna dump the baby with the bath water...
Which becomes interesting to begin with, but no one " Dumps the baby with bathwater" and I think it's very important to keep faith in science.
We threw the baby out with the bathwater.
The nine-year-old threw in the towel on the sixth roend.
You think I'm gonna throw in the towel?
His last blood pressure is 70, but Bailey won't throw in the towel.
I came back with some medical coolers, a sealed container, but, one time, I took a look.
Do you mind if we take a look?
Just let me take a look.
Poor guy's had a hard time making ends meet lately.
How am I gonna make ends meet?
It's hard to make ends meet, but even harder to save.
I'll tell you what.
You're thinking, "The carrots are cooked!
If that's what you want, that's fine.
I'd think I'd made it with my fingers in my nose and regret it.
It's not the end of the beans.
It's not the end of beans...
It's not the end of beans.
You know, the last straw...
Fox thought it was the last straw.
It's the last straw. It's the last straw.
The clothes don't make you a monk.
- The clothes don't make you a monk.
Clothes don't make you a monk, do they, boys?
I ate on my thumb.
Instead, I'd eat on my thumb and go to an amateur show in the city.
Are there snacks on the thumb?
I think he's trying to lead someone on.
It puts a rush on my life.
I've been putting ice in your lives and you've been complaining all the time.
It puts a rush on our love life.
But in your case, I think it would be wise to put the plow ahead of the beef, so to speak.
If I don't put the plow before the ox, what happens if I succeed?
I put the plow ahead of the beef.
He's put up with enough when we're writing the speech...
You want to put in your grain of salt?
So you have to come to me when you want to put in your grain of salt.
I'm supposed to hate them, not having my tongue in my pocket.
If you were smart, they wouldn't know what hit them.
She'll never know.
He was attacking a poor girl who couldn't see the light of day.
We didn't raise pigs together!
- Everything will go up in smoke, except the prison.
There's no pleasure in watching pride go up in smoke.
That's what I'm talking about.
It was going up in smoke.
I mean, he's been making bed bugs for the last two years, and the modern countryside is not his cup of tea.
Your films are not my cup of tea.
Guarding is not my cup of tea, either.
In a few minutes, you go from rooster to donkey?
I'm sorry, sir, but I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
He seems to go from rooster to donkey.
You finally put the gun to the left?
A normal guy would have put the gun to the left and died.
I thought... he put the gun to the left.
It's all right. "A little bit by little, the bird's making a nest."
"A little by little, the bird makes its nest."
little by little, the bird makes its nest.
You've heard a lot of voices... but compared to me, it's cat pee.
I look at him, and Mr. Handsome here cries like a baby.
She even cried like hell because she missed him. It's not like I didn't use Hye Ri.
One year, he brought me a Barbie and I cried like a baby.
You think Elliot's crying like a baby?
Last time I saw you... you were crying like a baby.
It's raining like hell, and he wants to fuck.
It's raining like hell.
Yeah, it was raining like hell.
Plucking someone is easy.
I stood you up.
You stand me up and all you say is "I'm sorry"?
You're standing your sister up?
It'd be like standing someone up at the prom.
Have you stood someone up?
I'd like to eat without getting caught in the head.
He took the lead and ran for the fence.
Savage is taking the lead for Ang Forbes!
You're overreacting.
Sarah's taking your head.
Take your clicks and clicks and go to Paris.
Take your clicks and clicks and leave.
So I grabbed my clicks and my clacks and ran away like a loser!
I take my courage with two hands.
So she took the courage with two hands to be the mature college girl.
When he came in, I took my courage with two hands to bring it up.
You see a rat, and you hold your legs to your neck?
I got my legs around my neck.
And you held your legs together.
I'm gonna freak out.
Have you lost your mind, inmate?
Every client gives me one, and at night, I freak out.
It's not his mother who's freaking out.
Randy's freaking out in there.
- Ethan, I'm freaking out because...
- When the cat's away, the mice dance...
You know what they say, when the cat's not around, the mice dance.
Yeah, when the chickens have teeth!
- When the chickens have teeth.
- I'll leave my farm when the chickens have teeth!
Not that there's anything wrong with your look.
When you're gay and you never see the reflection in the movies, you think there's something wrong.
Rick, there's something wrong with the radio.
Yesterday, you didn't know it existed.
When you steal an egg, you steal an ox.
"Who steals an egg steals an ox"?
That doesn't give you the right to bullshit.
Wash your hands and stop bullshitting.
My mom, she used to pinch me when I told salads.
Well... if he brings his strawberry, or if he calls...
Warwick brought his strawberry.
And who knows who's gonna bring in the strawberry?
And we got a memo for the commandeer of photographs from a certain convention.
He's getting a big note, isn't he?
'Cause if you must know, every once in a while, I get a lot of bad notes!
So you finally got your soul back, Batman?
Until she's dead.
All right, let's get back to business.
Let's get back to business.
Let's get back to business.
I'm rolling on gold, they're raining.
It's like we're rolling on gold!
Your friend Reese is on top of the world now.
We don't give a damn about technology, we just want to get it in our pockets.
These gentlemen are taking it, putting it in their pockets and forgetting about us.
He's got his hands full.
You had to leave the country because your roommate was having sex?
Imagine how many people are getting laid, man.
We're Matthew McCon dont hey and Kate Hudson from the romantic comedy How to get dumped in 10 lessons.
"How do you get dumped in ten days?"
My ex-husband Coleman, who dumped me for a younger woman, just got dumped by a younger woman...
It's called throwing yourself into the wolf's mouth.
I'm telling you, it's all right.
I just wanted to know what it's like to throw yourself into the wolf's mouth.
I'd get dressed up, and we'd pretend like we could afford it.
But I'll try to dress up.
On Mother's Day, people get all dressed up.
You drown in a glass of water.
He drowns in a glass of water.
Let him mind his own business!
I hope your bunch of nosy bastards learn to mind their own business.
Let her take a dip.
I guess.
But I'm not used to getting hit by a steering wheel.
We can tighten our belts.
With the crisis, the C.O. wants us to tighten our belt.
We'll have to tighten our belts for a month or two.
I keep track of what my clients buy, and these sell like rolls.
Put it in your book, and it'll sell like hot dogs.
- He smells like a tree!
If Colleen left on a whim, she didn't take much with her.
Look, I know this is annoying, and even though it seems like I'm doing this on a whim, which I am, there's a reason for my insanity.
She didn't just attack Tom on a whim because she heard you and your wife arguing.
It's a big investigation; the assistant director needs to know that he'll be kept in the loop, so...
I'm not thrilled to hear this, but we have to keep in touch.
They want to take notes, keep in touch, but if it came up in their faces, they wouldn't be responsible.
We'll take a look and let you know.
I'll let you know if it works out.
No, I've pleaded too many cases to fall for it.
He fell for it!
I can't believe you fell for the "tormented state" sign.
And then, poof, I hit a streetlight... and I passed out.
He'll faint.
First, you passed out.
You've moved on.
I know you need space, but you can't have it, because Alex is moving on.
I'm moving on.
I'm moving on, really, I'm working hard to move on.
After you left, things got out of hand.
Okay, I listened to what you were telling me, and I didn't want the dinner to go to hell.
What happens when the relationship goes to hell?
Is your relationship going to hell?
- I'll kill you.
That's just like me.
That's just like you.
Just because she married a sheriff doesn't mean she has the right to drag someone through the mud like that.
Everybody wants to go to McMurdo for a bite of bread.
Otherwise, by Friday, York can buy O Forbes for a bite of bread and we'll have nothing left.
I won't part with it for a bite of bread.
You guys are so good at finding stuff, maybe you could lend a hand to my partner.
She was helping out at home and her dad at work.
You should be taking care of crippled Ben, he's doing just fine.
- It's cold as hell out there.
It's a cold duck.
It must be cold as hell right now.
One of yours is better than two.
She sells the bear's skin before she kills him.
I don't want to count our chicks before they hatch.
Come on, I'll show you how crazy he is who sells the skin of the bear before he kills him.
Something bad is good.
Well, something bad is good.
Remember, "Something bad is good."
Thank you for not eating it, it costs an arm.
- It costs an arm and a leg.
It costs an arm.
It's the fucking numbers, it's not working!
It's not working.
It's working.
It's going faster than I thought.
I'm sick of them lying to me, and I know it'll never work.
But I invested in making it work, but he didn't give a shit.
It's not gonna work.
"You have to suffer to be beautiful." Try it, it works.
If it doesn't work, move on.
Maybe it would work better if you helped out.
We're working on it, but if it doesn't work, you know what you have to do?
If you're getting baptized, that's not how it works!
Whatever you're doing, it's working.
It's scary, isn't it?
You're helping me get back together. You're helping me feel good about myself.
The winner of the contest should just be a little girl who's having a wonderful time on stage, who's fine in her skin who likes to be on stage and trusting, and that's really it.
I bet she's hot.
He's hot.
Are you saying your sister's hot?
My client was exhausted.
I'm exhausted.
I'm tired, I'm hungry and I have a headache!
All I have to do is starve for a week... and I'll go back to the hell of a life I used to have?
- I'm tired, I'm sick of it.
I'm exhausted, and I'm sick of it.
You're tired, you're healing.
We offer blood sacrifice. Are you in the moon or what?
Stan, you're in the moon.
You're in the moon.
He yawns, but not the suspect he's interrogating.
Are you making a sandwich or attracting a deer?
I didn't know it was so wrong to marry someone I loved, and not knowing that by marrying that person I'm so in love with, that I was letting down the entire gay community.
- We should be having a drink.
Am I getting dumped?
Of course, at times, I was the turkey in the prank... but nothing serious...
- And I was the turkey in the prank.
But I married you, I'm the joke.
The monster's in bad shape!
That's good, except your plant's in bad shape.
He was in bad shape.
He's red as a peach.
- You're red as a peach.
You're red as a peach.
Yeah, you're red as a tomato.
Pudding was red as a tomato!
She didn't know anyone, but she was red as a tomato.
I was red as a crayfish.
Don't come crying when you're red as a crayfish.
He's a wise man, that little Italian gentleman.
We're gonna be as good as pictures.
While I was wise as a picture.
- You're dressed up.
He's all dressed up.
Why are you all dressed up?
She's a chicken.
You're a chicken!
Her father said she was a chicken.
I can't be in the oven or the windmill, and I can't work a miracle.
We can't be in the oven and the windmill.
He's to the west!
Tomorrow, we're gonna be on our way, and I want a team in Congress, and I want special papers.
"Last night, I met a very sexy, very sexy writer, and I'm on top of it, because I might be fucking her."
Oh, my God, everybody's on a roll today.
