Oh, my God, they're strong.
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God, it's the salmon.
And now, a young woman who gets right to the point, my sister, Roberta Tubbs.
Rebecca, I'm... I'm gonna cut to the chase.
But I do agree with Gina's idea of "going to be cooked an egg."
I told her to go suck an egg.
We'll call a cat a cat.
I call a cat a cat...
I got a lot of work to do.
You've got your work cut out for you.
I'd do it myself, but I have two left hands.
Sally, you've got two left hands tonight.
I'll get the banana.
The isotope centrifuge has banana.
"You're making me nervous.
I was in a bad mood and I said something in my tongue.
Every time I think about the day we met, I get goose bumps.
I got goose bumps, Andie.
He had his heart on his hand.
She's got her heart on her sleeve.
Great, I'm starving.
That's why I smoke.
I'm hungry, though.
His parents were lazy enough to call him Bob?
I don't know whether to go out or not.
Now I'm hungover.
I'm hungover because of you.
Leave me alone, I have a hangover.
Okay, you got the potato.
- Yeah, I had the potatoes.
I've got potatoes this morning.
We have the potato!
All of a sudden you're hungry?
The Rockets are doin' great.
Your eyes are bigger than your stomach, my friend.
She thinks our eyes are bigger than our stomachs.
And I didn't get a chance to tell you because we had other things to worry about.
Right now, we've got bigger fish to fry.
I must have had a cat in my throat.
- You have a cat in your throat!
When I say her name, it's like I have a cat in my throat.
I don't know. It was love at first sight.
I haven't had love at first sight since Sean Cassidy.
Luminres wouldn't testify because he was scared to death of Donovan.
He's scared to death of you.
And as you know, you have to beat the iron while it's hot.
They want the capital from the Post's publicity, we have to beat the iron while it's hot.
What was the company David Clarke was laundering money for?
You're laundering money for him.
She started drinking like a fish.
You must have been drinking like crazy.
So it's none of your business, okay?
It's none of my business, of course, but now that Victor has one,
We're looking for the little beast?
Ah, Veronica... that's called looking for the little beast.
It was love at first sight.
It's love at first sight, it's harmless.
But Cartagena, it costs a fortune.
You know, the two kids are in St. Margaret's now, and it's costing us our lives.
I can't sleep, I'm starving.
Yeah, I'm starving.
He gave the cat his tongue.
- I'm giving up.
I'm sick and tired of Napoleon Fourteen.
I was sick of your nonsense.
I'm sick of it, aren't you?
I'm sick and tired of you always making a mess and me cleaning up afterwards.
I'm sick of it!
I'm sick of this job.
And I don't give a shit.
And even if you're fucking with me right now, I don't give a shit!
Honey, I thought you didn't care about that tree.
But I don't care about the details!
I don't give a shit about your money and your powerful friends, Gartley.
Anyway, I don't give a shit.
Why are you making such a big deal about this?
I don't know why she's making such a big deal about it.
It would be up to him to listen to me, to learn from me.
You could've learned something from him.
Well, at the risk of stating open a door, it's over.
It's like I'm kicking open a door over and over again.
Be careful, Lindsey. Keep an eye on them.
Watch out, bird!
I wish they'd stop being such idiots.
If kids play dumb, you can slap them in the face.
Listen, sleep late.
Well, if that's all, you can sleep late tomorrow.
I'm going to the Fourth of July Bridge, and I'm staying three days.
I thought I could keep playing deaf ears.
At least before, she could go deaf to screaming.
How much longer are you gonna be mad at me?
Are you mad at me?
He made me a fish tail.
That guy gave me a fish tail.
It'd be a hit.
That'd be a hit.
22 people running around. Can you imagine?
I'm gonna sneak out of here. I don't want to ruin the party.
Boy, it's cold as hell out here.
I'd already wasted the money I got when I got out, and with this wind, it was cold as hell.
You have to suffer to be beautiful, darling.
Mom says you have to suffer to be beautiful.
There wasn't a cat around.
There's not a cat here!
We're throwing money away.
Your mother's throwing money away.
I don't want to throw the baby out with the bath water.
We should just throw in the towel.
- What do you mean, you're throwing in the towel?
- So you want me to take a look?
I should go check on the CMI people.
I can barely make ends meet.
Look, we work 70 hours a week to make ends meet.
Oh, boy, the carrots are done.
Carrots are cooked and served.
They'll trace it back to us with their fingers in their noses.
It's a piece of cake, man.
You should see how Will spends his finals with his fingers in his nose.
The end of beans!
- "The end of beans."
It was the last straw.
Well, that's the last straw.
"Clothes don't make the man."
- That's right, the clothes don't make the man.
I don't like you eating on your thumb.
I ate on my thumb.
I don't want to put too much into it, but suppose you're right and Drake is a spy...
Maybe you could put in your grain of salt.
"I'll sleep with him Tuesday and Thursday and he'll never know."
You can't see a thing.
My fuel went up in smoke.
If you don't, I swear this little Ewok will go up in smoke!
You know, Dad, come to think of it, the honey industry is not my cup of tea.
As the English say, "It wasn't my cup of tea."
I go from rooster to rooster and maybe I'm indiscreet, but what's that noise?
I'm waiting for him to put the gun on the left.
What's he gonna inherit when his parents drop the gun on the left?
With implications far beyond national security, ...beside the cold war, it's cat pee.
This is you peeing cat.
But it's cat pee!
And this is cat pee?
I'm working my ass off to get them adopted, and I'm crying like a baby when they leave.
Yes, I was crying like a baby, but I'm done with tears.
It's starting to rain, Jack.
Run, it's raining.
She's never gonna talk to me again if I stand her up.
And for the third time in a row, you stood me up.
I know he's here, and it's getting on my nerves.
Do you take my head off when I'm working on this?
Take your clicks and slaps and walk away.
Taking the courage to tell Rogelio that she'd taken a vow of chastity was harder than Xiomara thought.
Mike took his courage with two hands to go see his brother.
Hold your legs together.
- Hold your legs together!
She freaked out.
I'm always afraid you're gonna freak out and kill him...
Yeah, but what you don't realize when the cat's not around, the mice are dancing.
You can do that for me when the chickens have teeth.
But she'll be happy to call you back when the chickens have teeth.
Something's not right.
Is there something wrong with me?
You think I'm bullshitting you?
He told us stories, then drugged us and locked us in a fridge.
Tell her to bring her strawberry here.
It's a little late for your vagina to get her strawberry.
"The ones who give up the soul never recover."
Yeah, he just died.
But I'm about to die.
Let's get back to the sheep. Let's talk about your foster parents.
Well, if we could just get back to business.
Looks like they're on a roll.
The public sees me as a woman, ambitious, determined, predestined to roll over gold.
We can't afford to be led astray by a new flute player whose only interests are filling their pockets.
I mean, weapons possession is how they get their pockets full.
-We're gonna get laid!
People would love to see those two nerds get laid.
Come on, Lois, we could have sex in the garden here.
We're not having sex in my wife's bed.
A truck to cheer up the girls who just got dumped.
That's what I do when I get dumped.
Are we going to throw ourselves into the wolf's mouth?
We're throwing ourselves in harm's way while you're out of danger!
I'm gonna get dressed and go to a funeral.
He'd get on his PlayStation, pick up a suitcase.
Because it's not your idea, and Matt's drowning in a glass of water, so it has to be Caroline's.
This whole town is drowning in a glass of water.
She'd better mind her own business.
Tell your lover to mind his own business.
People mind their own business.
I just got used to tightening my belt.
These are tough times, and we all have to tighten our belts.
It sells like hotcakes on the Internet.
These Loyalty buns sell like hotcakes.
The book sells like hotcakes.
It smells like a tree, man.
When they come out, it smells like a tree.
For our friend the Bandit It smelled like a tree
It's not something you do on a whim. Think about it.
Looks like you didn't come here on a whim.
I was just calling to let you know what's going on.
So the police can keep us up to date on the investigation.
No, I'm not falling for that again.
Do you really think I'm gonna fall for that?
My only break is when she holds her breath and faints.
Oh, no, no, I faint at the sight of a vagina.
My client is ready to move on.
No... let's move on.
They'll congratulate each other and move on.
You need to move on.
It could go sour in case of a bombing.
When things get messy, the first reaction is to deny it.
Two drops, yes.
That's just like her.
They bought it for a bite of bread.
MacGyver, Khan would sell you out for a bite of bread, you know that?
- Need a hand?
- Hi, do you need a hand?
He's helping out with the suppliers and...
It was cold as hell there.
It must be cold as hell in Joliet.
As the old saying goes, you don't sell the skin of a bear until you've killed it.
Don't sell the bear's skin until you kill him.
Something bad is good.
The circumstances are unfortunate, but something bad is good.
It'll cost a fortune to rewrite them.
Oh, yeah, sure, we can cure her, except it costs an arm to save an eye.
I mean, too much work... to make it work.
After many studies, we've come to the same conclusion as parents, that it works with a good teacher and that it doesn't work when the teacher is bad.
Everyone does something to make them feel good about themselves.
I know you're worried, but I feel good about myself, and you want to keep it that way.
You're hot.
And by the way, you're hot, too.
Either because she's hot or because she's the only girl in the group, but either way, I'm crazy about her.
That's why I'm exhausted!
You're exhausted after this trip.
The alarm clock goes off, you're up early, you're tired, you're dazed.
I'm in the moon today.
You're in the moon, Frank!
He's doing it. He's breaking down the door.
Is that what you want, ah?
No, but we'll be the turkeys in the prank.
- It's the turkey from the prank.
- You're in bad shape.
Your patient's in bad shape.
You're red as a tomato.
Don't come crying to me when you're red as a crayfish.
He's been a good boy.
I'll be good as gold!
She was all dressed up. It's a little early to go clubbing.
You're all dressed up.
You're out of it.
You're out of your mind today.
I feel like I'm in the west.
Yeah, I heard what you said, but I'd rather forget what you said because you're on the west side.
My guys are all over it.
I'm on my way.
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
Why don't you insult them as hippies and get to the point?
Well, you got right to the point with that one.
Honey, sometimes it's best not to cut to the chase.
I'm tired of playing cat and mouse, and I have Faith for that.
This year, she can go chase an egg.
As for Mrs. Marko, tell her to go suck an egg.
Wait, let's be... let's call a cat a cat.
I'm ready to call a cat a cat, to deter generations from today and tomorrow.
Let's call a cat a cat.
I'm coming in here like a goose chase, but I thought I should come and give you the news, personally.
It happens like a hair on the soup, that's all.
Vanessa came in like a hair on the soup.
I got a lot of work to do.
You've got your work cut out for you.
Look, I know you've got your work cut out for you, but my parents can't stand you and my cousin is...
Sometimes I have two left hands.
You've got two left hands!
I must have two left hands.
People must get hit with a banana when they see you.
I get the banana when I'm with her.
They're gonna get the banana.
- Anita's got the cockroach.
- Are you scared too?
I hate Sundays here.
She's a good-looking girl, sick of the war, tired of being alone, waiting for her man to come home.
I've had goose bumps all night.
I got goose bumps.
Look, I've got goose bumps.
Oh, my God, I've got goose bumps.
Mitsuko and Joe have their hearts on the line.
It's okay, you can have your heart on your hand
You know, minibars have their hearts in the right place.
I'm starving.
Come on, I'm starving.
I'm lazy to read subtitles.
His parents were lazy enough to call him Bob?
I got lazy.
You're hungover.
- Of course I have a hangover.
I've got potatoes!
I'm hungry as hell.
I'm so hungry.
You're feeling good, aren't you?
Your eyes are bigger than your stomach.
This is what happens when your eyes are bigger than your stomach, Pat.
My eyes were bigger than my stomach.
We've got bigger fish to fry.
Come on, we got bigger fish to fry.
We got bigger fish to fry.
I had a cat in my throat.
He's got a cat in his throat.
Meg was telling Markayla to slow down, but Geenyla fell in love at first sight.
So did I, but we didn't fall in love at first sight.
To have love at first sight is to feel true love.
My name is Sydney White, my dad's a plumber, I collect comic books and I'm scared to death of balloon animals.
The other half is scared to death of him.
You've forgotten, I'm an influence on KKR and I'm scared to death of pigeons.
He's got a hair in his hand.
Especially those with a hair in their hand, they prefer to sit and eat fruit.
And you, my little Mattis, could help, too, but you have a hair in your hand.
Let's beat the iron while it's hot.
You have to beat the iron while it's hot.
- Let's beat the iron while it's hot!
- He could be laundering money.
Convenient for laundering money as a major coke dealer.
On the right is a holding company that Khasinau uses to launder money.
"Fuckin' bitch, stop drinking like a fish at lunch.
They drink like fish.
He started drinking like a fish.
Millie won't be shocked to see someone get a drink.
A couple of stockbrokers came in for a drink.
Come and have a drink tonight.
And besides, I hate breaking sugar on someone's back.
And that's none of your business, either.
- It's none of your business.
Look, whatever feelings you had while your friend was alive, it's none of my business.
I think it's the end of the beans for the motor mollusk.
It's the end of beans.
Mr. Hardigan... he told you that?
They switched bars to hide.
You don't have to say, "Crazy cat's afraid of cold water."
Yeah, well, hot cat's afraid of cold water.
Yeah, hot cat's afraid of cold water, huh?
That's the guy who's looking for the little beast.
I show you something amazing, and you look for the little beast.
They're looking for the little beast, so nothing goes wrong.
You watched Notting Hill Love for me?
Do you think this girl, this hottie, saw Eric, she just clicked, love at first sight?
Barbara fell in love at first sight with a picture of you in People magazine.
It's costing me my head.
It cost me my life.
It's overwhelmingly expensive.
Even if it costs me my head to pay for college, I thank God I can have another drink.
We're starving.
I'm starving.
An hour later, you're starving.
Fighting this guy is like giving jam to pigs!
It's like giving jam to pigs, right?
And he spent his whole life giving jam to pigs.
Did you give the cat your tongue?
Well, I'm giving up.
- I give up, James.
He loves lollipops and he's tired of holding six at a time?
I'm tired of being in this sunshine... arguing with some unbelievable dictator.
She's sick of me smelling like iodoform.
I don't give a shit!
It's nobody's fault.
We're getting sick of each other.
I'm sick of nutrition.
I'm sick and tired of your paranormal phenomenon.
She was sick of you.
I'm sick of being here, I want to go home.
I'm sick of being here when my friends are there.
I'm hot and I'm sick of it.
The bastards out there don't give a shit about us!
I told you she didn't give a shit about me.
I don't give a shit!"
I don't care about living the next two hours.
And the police didn't care.
Instead of running into them like you don't care.
"I don't give a shit about Mozart!" Perfect!
Do what you want, I don't give a shit.
I don't give a shit.
If you're lonely, like we don't give a shit about you and the whole world doesn't give a shit about you, I'm here.
Why does it have to be such a big deal?
That stupid ring your family's making a big deal out of?
Yeah, well, let's not make a big deal out of it.
Your team could learn something.
I should learn something.
- Yeah, you should learn something.
You bust open a door.
It's like kicking in an open door, but, okay...
- I'd watch my ass if I were you.
Watch where you're going, I've got it timed out.
Everybody to Faucelli's!
Careful, I'm stitching.
When we were kids, we thought Mom was being a jerk.
He made a fool out of himself, and now he's reaping the fruit.
Why do you always think you have to be such a jerk?
I started sleeping late Sunday mornings.
I'm going to learn to relax, to sleep late.
It's Saturday, and it's our day off, so we can sleep late.
She's probably sleeping late in Jake's room.
How can you be so resigned to closing your ears to those who suffer on a map?
And she just didn't listen.
You'll talk to the board, but they won't listen.
You're sulking.
You decided to be mad at me, didn't you?
Yeah, that's right, I think you've been looking over your shoulder from '94 to '84 maybe.
You made me a fish tail.
One day, a guy cut Pinker's tail.
He made a fish tail for you on the highway.
I'd make a big deal out of a video camera bus.
He worked for a year, and when he came back, he was a hit.
You could be a big hit.
Why did you run off like that?
Did you run away in the English way?
He ran off like an Englishman.
And it ends in a fish tail.
The investigation could end in a fish lines.
- It's cold as hell.
It's cold as hell.
It's cold as hell in here.
You have to suffer to be beautiful.
You have to suffer to be beautiful.
You have to suffer to be beautiful!
At 4:00 a.m., on the roads to Aditi, there's not a cat.
There wasn't a cat, so I ordered a cocktail.
There won't be a cat unless the players come with mice.
That'll teach him to throw money away!
You've spent your whole life burning, throwing money away.
We solve problems by throwing money away?
Well, if you're gonna dump the baby with the bath water...
Which becomes interesting to begin with, but no one "Throws the baby out with bath water" and I think it's very important to keep faith in science.
We threw the baby out with the bath water.
The Czar threw in the towel on the sixth month.
You think I'm gonna throw in the towel?
His last blood pressure is 70, but Bailey won't throw in the towel.
I came back with some medical coolers, a sealed container, but, once, I took a look.
Do you mind if we take a look?
Let me just take a look.
Poor guy's had a hard time making ends meet lately.
How am I gonna make ends meet?
It's hard to make ends meet, but even harder to save.
If Eaton convinces them to be martyrs and accept the 30 days, the carrots are cooked.
You're thinking, "The carrots are cooked!
If that's what you want, that's fine.
I'd think I'd made it with my fingers in my nose, and I'd regret it.
It's not the end of the beans.
It's not the end of beans...
It's not the end of beans.
You know, the last straw.
Fox thought it was the last straw.
That's the last straw.
Clothes don't make the man.
- Clothes don't make the man.
Clothes don't make the man, do they, boys?
I ate on my thumb.
Instead, I'd eat on my thumb and go to an amateur kabuki show.
Are there snacks on the thumb?
I think he's trying to lead someone on.
It spices up my life.
I put a lot of spice in your lives, and you're always complaining.
It spices up our love life.
But in your case, I think it would be wise to put the plow ahead of the beef, so to speak.
If I don't put the plow before the oxen, what happens if I succeed?
I put the plow before the oxen.
He's been interfering enough when we're writing the speech...
Do you want to weigh in?
So you have to come to me when you want to put your grain in.
I'm supposed to hate them, not having my tongue in my pocket.
If you were smart, they wouldn't know what hit them.
She'll never know.
He was attacking a poor girl who didn't know what hit her.
We didn't raise pigs together!
- Everything's gonna go up in smoke, except prison.
There's no pleasure in watching pride go up in smoke.
The 180 million, gone up in smoke.
It was going up in smoke.
He's been making bedbugs since 1915, and modern countryside is not his cup of tea.
Your films, they're not my cup of tea.
Gardening isn't my cup of tea either.
In a few minutes, you go from rooster to donkey?
Peter Petrelli went from rooster to donkey, as you say at home.
He seems to go from rooster to donkey.
You finally passed the gun to the left?
A normal guy would have put the gun to the left and died.
I thought... he passed the gun to the left.
I'm comfortable with "Little by little, the bird builds a nest"!
"Little by little, the bird builds a nest."
little by little, the bird builds a nest.
You've heard a lot of voices... but compared to me, it's cat pee.
I look at him, and Mr. Handsome here cries like a weasel.
She even cried like hell because she missed him. It's not like I didn't use Hye Ri.
One year, he brought me a Barbie and I cried like a baby.
You think Elliot's crying like a baby?
Last time I saw you... you were crying like a baby.
It's raining like hell, and he wants to fuck.
It's raining.
Yes, it was raining.
Plucking someone is easy.
I stood you up.
You stand me up and all you say is "I'm sorry"?
You stood your sister up?
It'd be like standing someone up at the prom.
Have you stood someone up lately?
I'd like to eat without them taking my head off.
He took the lead and ran for the fence.
Savage takes the lead for Angkor!
You're overreacting.
Sarah is screwing with your head.
Take your clicks and slaps and go to Paris.
Take your clicks and slaps and leave.
So I grabbed my clicks and spanks and ran away like a loser!
I take my courage with two hands.
So she took the courage with two hands to be the mature college girl.
When he arrived, I plucked up the courage to bring it up.
You see a rat, and you hold your legs to your neck?
Kept my legs to myself.
And you held your legs against your neck.
I'm gonna freak out.
Are you out of your mind, inmate?
Every client gives me one, and at night, I freak out.
It's not his mother who's freaking out.
Randy's freaking out in there.
- Ethan, I'm freaking out because...
- When the cat's away, the mice dance...
You know what they say, when the cat's away, the mice dance.
Yeah, when the chickens have teeth!
- When the chickens have teeth.
- I'll leave my farm when the chickens have teeth!
Not that there's anything wrong with your look.
When you're gay and you never see the reflection in the movies, you think there's something wrong.
Rick, there's something wrong with the radio.
Yesterday, you didn't know it existed.
When you steal an egg, you steal an ox.
"Who steals an egg steals an ox"?
That doesn't give you the right to bullshit.
Wash your hands and stop talking nonsense.
My mama used to pinch me when I told me stories.
Well... if he brings his strawberry, or if he calls...
Warwick brought his strawberry.
And who knows who's gonna bring home the strawberry?
And we received a huge memo for the requisition of photographs from a certain convention.
He's going to get a huge bill, isn't he?
'Cause if you must know, every once in a while I get huge notes!
So, did you finally expire, Batman?
Until she breathes.
All right, let's get back to business.
Fei-yu, cut it out, let's get back to business
Let's get back to business.
I'm on a roll, they're scraping.
It's like we're on a roll!
Your friend Reese is on a roll now.
We don't give a damn about technology, all we want to do is line our pockets.
These gentlemen take what they want, put it in their pockets and forget about us.
I spent a lot of time with him at Vice.
You had to leave the country because your roommate was having sex?
Imagine how many people are getting laid, man.
We're Matthew McConaughey and Kate Hudson from "How to Get Dumped In Ten Lessons."
"How do you get dumped in ten days?"
My ex-husband Coleman, who dumped me for a younger woman, just got dumped by a younger woman...
It's called throwing yourself into the wolf's mouth.
Bogdance throws himself into the lion's den.
I wanted to know what it's like to throw yourself into the lion's den.
We'd pretend we had the money.
But I'm gonna try to dress up.
On Mother's Day, people get all dressed up.
We're drowning in a glass of water.
He drowns in a glass of water.
Let him mind his own business!
I hope your bunch of nosy bastards learn to mind their own business.
Let her take a rake.
I guess.
But I'm not used to getting hit by a rake.
We can tighten our belts.
With the crisis, the C.E.O. wants us to tighten our belts.
We'll have to tighten our belts for a month or two.
I keep track of what my clients buy, and those are selling like rolls.
Put it in your book, it'll sell like hotcakes.
- He smells like a tree!
If Colleen left on a whim, she didn't take much with her.
Look, I know this is annoying, and even though it seems like I'm doing this on a whim, which I am, there's a reason for my insanity.
She didn't just attack Tom on a whim because she heard you and your wife arguing.
It's a big investigation; the assistant director needs to know that he'll be kept in the loop without e-mails, so...
I'm not thrilled to hear this, but we have to keep in touch.
They want to take notes, keep in touch, but if this were to blow up in their faces, they wouldn't be responsible.
We'll take a look and let you know.
I'll let you know if it works.
No, I've pleaded too many cases to fall for it.
He fell for it!
I can't believe you fell for the "being tormented" sign.
Next thing I know, I hit a streetlight... and I passed out.
He'll pass out.
First, you passed out.
You've moved on.
I know you need space, but you can't have it, because Alex is moving on.
I'm moving on.
I'm moving on, really, I'm working hard to move on.
After you left, all hell broke loose.
Okay, I listened to what you were telling me, and I didn't want dinner to go to shit.
Which, let's face it, happens to the majority of Lorelai's relationships.
Is your relationship going down the drain?
Just like his father.
That's just like me.
That's just like you.
Just because she married a sheriff doesn't mean she has the right to drag someone through the mud like that.
Everyone wants to go to McMurdo for a bite of bread.
Otherwise, by Friday, York can buy Ojai for a bite of bread and we'll have nothing left.
I won't part with it for a bite of bread.
You guys are so good at finding stuff, maybe you could give my partner a hand.
She was helping out at home and her dad at work.
You should be taking care of invalid Ben, he's doing just fine.
- It's cold as hell.
It's like a duck cold.
It must be cold as hell right now.
One's better than two.
She's selling the bear's skin before she kills him.
I don't want to count our chicks before they hatch.
Come, I'll show you how crazy he is who sells the skin of the bear before he kills him.
Something bad is good.
Well, something bad is good.
Remember, "Something bad is good."
Thank you for not eating it, it costs an arm.
- It costs an arm and a leg.
It costs an arm.
"It's the fucking numbers, it doesn't work anymore!"
It's not working.
It's working.
It's working faster than I imagined.
I'm sick of them lying to me, and I know it'll never work.
But I put it all into making it work, but he didn't give a shit.
- We gotta be careful.
"You have to suffer to be beautiful." Try it, it works.
If it doesn't work, move on.
Maybe it would work better if you helped out.
We're working on a solution, but if it doesn't work out, you know what you have to do?
If you're getting baptized, that's not how it works!
Whatever you're doing, it's working.
It's scary, isn't it?
You help put me back together, make me feel good about myself.
The winner of the contest should just be a little girl who's having a wonderful time on stage, who's fine in her skin who likes to be on stage and trusting and that's really it.
I bet she's hot.
He's hot.
Are you saying your sister's hot?
My client was exhausted.
I'm exhausted.
I'm exhausted, I'm starving and I have a headache!
All I have to do is starve for a week... and I get back to the hell of a life I used to have?
- I'm tired. I'm sick of it.
I'm exhausted, and I'm sick of it.
You're exhausted, you're healing.
We offer blood sacrifice. Are you in the moon or what?
Stan, you're in the moon.
Come on, you're in the moon.
He yawns, but not the suspect he's interrogating.
Are you making a sandwich or attracting a deer?
I didn't know it was so wrong to marry someone I loved, and I didn't know that by marrying that person I'm so in love with, that I was letting down the entire gay community.
- We should be having a drink.
Am I being dumped?
Of course, at times, I was the turkey in the prank... but nothing serious...
- And I was the joke.
But I married you. I'm the joke.
The monster's in bad shape!
That's good, except your plant's in bad shape.
He was in bad shape.
He's red as a pistol.
- You're red as a pistol.
You're red as a pistol.
Yeah, you're red as a tomato.
Pudding was red as a tomato!
She didn't know Maxime, but she was red as a tomato.
Hell, I was red as a crayfish!
Don't come crying to me when you're red as a crayfish.
He's a wise man, that little Italian gentleman.
We're gonna be tight as a whistle.
While I was wise as a picture.
You're all dressed up.
He's all dressed up.
Why are you all dressed up?
He's a chicken.
You're a chicken!
Her father said she was a chicken.
I can't be in the oven or the windmill, and I can't work a miracle.
We can't be in the oven and the windmill.
He's on the west side!
Tomorrow we'll be ready for you, and I want a team in parliament, and special editions.
"Last night, I met a hot salsa artist, and I'm on a roll, 'cause I might be fucking her."
My God, everybody's on a roll today.
